Tributes poured in from around the world Thursday to the late Labour Party leader John Smith, who died earlier from a massive heart attack aged 55.  In Washington, the US State Department issued a statement regretting "the untimely death" of the rapier-tongued Scottish barrister and parliamentarian. 
France would not join a US military invasion of Haiti as part of an effort to restore democratic rule, French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Thursday.  Juppe, in Washington for talks with US officials, said he told US President Bill Clinton that Paris had ruled out participation in such an invasion force, which has been suggested as an option by Clinton and urged by some members of Congress. 
Chinese dissidents in the United States generally favor a partial withdrawal of Beijing's privileged trading status targeting state- owned firms, not complete revocation, dissident leaders said here Thursday.  There are differing views among the dissident community in the United States on the best way to advance human rights in China, but "an overwhelming majority do agree on the middle policy of targeted revocation," Zhao Haiching, the president of the National Council for Chinese Affairs (NCCA) told a press conference. 
The Azerbaijani enclave of Nagorno Karabakh was torn by further fighting Thursday as unconfirmed reports of a possible new ceasefire circulated.  Russian foreign ministry sources said a ceasefire accord was agreed Wednesday between the Azeri and Armenian defence ministers as well as pro-Armenian separatist forces fighting to prise the enclave from Azeri administration. 
This time, Nigel Mansell will not be left behind on a restart.  The English racer's bid for victory here last year in his first Indianapolis 500 was foiled when eventual winner Emerson Fittpaldi and runner-up Arie Luyendyk passed him when a mid-race caution period ended. 
Iraqi Vice Prime Minister Terek Aziz lobbied UN members in New York Thursday to lift the oil embargo against his country.  Next week the Security Council is to review the sanctions imposed against Baghdad following the invasion of Kuwait, and western diplomats are predicting that the four-year-old embargo will remain in force. 
Two RAF Hercules transport planes airlifted 148 foreign evacuees, most of them British, to Cyprus Thursday from Sanaa as they fled the fighting in war-torn Yemen.  The evacuees who arrived at Lanarca airport later boarded a British Airways airliner bound for Gatwick airport, in southern Britain. 
Ernie Els was back to his best when the Spanish Open began at windy Club de Camp here Thursday.  The South African, who makes a habit of false starts, had seven birdies in his five-under-par 67 to take the lead from Zimbabwe's Mark McNulty and England's Steven Richardson and Peter Mitchell. 
French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Thursday that a US Senate vote calling for a unilateral lifting of the arms embargo on Bosnia was a matter of internal politics in the United States.  "I got the impression that this is a message for internal use because the two amendments adopted are contradictory," Juppe said after senators approved two separate measures calling for a multilateral lifting of the embargo and unilateral action by Washington. 
Two RAF Hercules transport planes airlifted 148 foreign evacuees, most of them British, to Cyprus Thursday from Sanaa as they fled the fighting in war-torn Yemen.  The evacuees who arrived at Larnaca airport later boarded a British Airways airliner bound for Gatwick airport, in southern Britain. 
Forty young far-rightwingers armed with knives and sticks chased a group of Turks through the eastern German town of Magdeburg Thursday, injuring five of them, police said.  The group came across the Turkish people at the end of the afternoon and chased them through the centre of the town. 
Tottenham Hotspur, the London giants who narrowly escaped relegation from the English Premiership, could yet go down after being accused of making "irregular" loans to players.  England star Paul Gascoigne, now with Italian club Lazio, was alleged to be one of the recipients of the loans, said to have ranged from 25,000 pounds to 70,000 pounds. 
A capsule containing highly radioactive cesium 137 was stolen from a factory in Ukraine, Interfax quoted security officials as saying Thursday.  Police had no indication as to who stole the capsule in what they described as a serious incident. A spokesman said the capsule may have been opened. 
Close of play score on first day of three-day tour match between Middlesex and New Zealand at Lord's on Thursday.  New Zealand First Innings 
The US communications giant ITT announced plans Thursday for a 750 million dollar hotel and casino in Las Vegas.  "Desert Kingdom," which is to be completed by early 1997, will cover more than 13 hectares (32 acres) with its huge casino and 2,500-room hotel. 
Close of play scores on first day of English county championship matches.  Chelmsford: Kent 191 (T R Ward 67), Essex 25-0. 
Russian ultranationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky said Thursday he had approached Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin with a view to his party being given places in the government, Interfax said.  The meeting came days after the entry into Chernomyrdin's team of Democratic Party president Nikolai Travkin, a centrist generally opposed to President Boris Yeltsin. Travkin did not receive a specific portfolio. 
World Cup fans at Stanford Stadium in California and in Washington are almost certain to be fenced in, against the wishes of FIFA and tournament organizers, World Cup chairman Alan Rothenberg confirmed Thursday.  "The position of the organizing committee and FIFA is clear and consistent -- we are against fencing," Rothenberg said. "Ultimately it's the local law enforcement that has responsibility for the safety and security of the public. We don't have any ability to veto their decisions." 
India Thursday offered rewards for information leading to the arrest of an alleged underworld leader and 43 other suspects in Bombay bomb blasts last year.  The Central Bureau of Investigation put a prize of 50,000 dollars on Dawood Ibrahim, who allegedly controls a criminal empire in the western Indian city from an unknown safe haven abroad. 
A 1947 massacre of native Taiwanese people is to be mentioned for the first time in history textbooks, officials said Thursday.  A compilation board, made up of scholars and experts, has completed a draft of the new school textbook including details of the massacre by Nationalist troops which used to be a taboo subject here, education officials said. 
China replaced three ministers on Thursday, the official Xinhua press agency reported.  The ministries of Radio, Film and Television, Geology and Mineral Resources and the Auditing Administration all got new chiefs, the report monitored in Hong Kong said. 
Chinese President Jiang Zemin Thursday defended the 1989 military crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in Tiananmen Square, saying China's stability and prosperity had depended on it, Xinhua reported.  Jiang made the comments in a meeting with visiting Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, the official news agency said in a report monitored here. 
Argentina have called off their two football internationals in Japan after Japanese authorities refused team captain Diego Maradona entry because of his drugs record.  Osamo Ighami, first counsel at the Japanese embassy, said Argentine Football Association president Julio Grondona had told him of the decision. 
A 26-year-old anorexic's fight for survival hung in the balance Thursday as the British woman awaited the outcome of a media bidding battle for her exclusive story.  The woman, whose twin sister has already dieted herself to death, was relying on the outcome of a battle between such British media giants as Granada Television and the Daily Mirror newspaper to pay her medical bills at an exclusive clinic which specializes in bringing victims of anorexia and bulimia back to the world of the living. 
UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali recommended Thursday that the United Nations clearly define the boundaries around the six designated safe areas in Bosnia-Hercegovina.  In a report to the Security Council released Thursday, the secretary general also said that UN Protection Forces have been stretched to the limit and should not be asked to establish more safe havens in Bosnia- Hercegovina. 
Feyenoord beat second division Nijmegen 2-1 in the Dutch Cup final on their own pitch here on Thursday.  It was Feyenoord's third win in four years and ninth all-told. 
Once dubbed India-No-Place because nothing exciting ever happened here, this central US city is preparing for its greatest weekend ever.  Along with the traditional excitement of pole qualifying for the Indianapolis 500, the city plays host to a visit by US president Bill Clinton and two sold-out National Basketball Association playoff games. 
The Senate defied President Bill Clinton on Thursday by approving a measure that would require the United States to lift the arms embargo against Bosnia unilaterally.  Although the amendment, approved 50 to 49, has little chance of becoming law, it undercut Clinton a day ahead of international talks in Geneva on resolving the conflict. 
The US government plans to help send 2,000 buses from around the nation to Atlanta for use at the 1996 Olympics.  The Federal Transit Administration plans to use 16 million dollars in discretionary funds to help pay to deliver and prepare the buses, which will be fitted with communications equipment to promote scheduling flexibility. 
A former Italian health minister nicknamed Torquemada for his inquisitorial raids on hospitals to unmask fraud was arrested on corruption charges Thursday, judicial sources said in Naples.  The arrest of Francesco De Lorenzo of the Liberal Party comes after an investigation into bribes paid by pharmaceutical laboratories to a ministry official, to win government backing for higher prices. 
Gunmen burst into a house in north Belfast Thursday and killed a man at close range, police said.  The outlawed loyalist organisation the Ulster Freedom Fighters said they carried out the attack in a call to a local radio station. 
Blue-chip stocks rallied Thursday amid easing long-term interest rates after the government released figures showing inflation under control.  The Dow Jones industrial average rose 22.80 points to close at 3,652.84. 
The PLO on Thursday gave Israel a partial list of members of the Palestinian authority due to take power next week in Gaza and Jericho, the chief Palestinian negotiator said.  Nabil Shaath told a press conference "the (Palestinian) cabinet has been formed, I just transmitted it to Yitzhak Rabin," the Israeli prime minister. 
Easy Goer, whose rivalry with Sunday Silence defined the 1989 US racing season, died of natural causes Thursday at Claiborne Farm.  The eight-year-old stallian was a son of Alydar. He won 14 of 20 starts, with five seconds and one third, and was retired in 1990 after earning more than 4,873,770 dollars. 
Eleven French aid workers held hostage by Bosnian Serbs forces for the last month will probably be freed next week, the Bosnian Serb news agency SRNA said Thursday.  Charges against the 11, accused of smuggling weapons to the mainly Moslem Bosnian army, "will be revised in their favour" and handed to the civil courts, said the agency, quoting sources close to Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic. 
The 47th Cannes International Film Festival opened Thursday with jury president Clint Eastwood stealing the show even before the world's biggest filmfest got under way.  As the the world's cinema industry settled into its seats for the 12-day cinematic banquet, Eastwood dominated proceedings with his humour and incidentally with his love of music. 
Northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh said late Thursday they had shot down a southern warplane over the road to the stronghold of Aden.  A northern military spokesman told the official news agency SABA that northern troops had also launched a series of air raids against the airport in Ataq, in Shabwa province about 300 kilometres (180 miles) east of Aden. 
A death row inmate wants the world to see his execution as he fights a warden's order banning his death being broadcast on national television.  The televising of his death will bring meaning to his life, said convicted killer David Lawson. 
Lavinia Milosovici, Gina Gogean, Nadia Hategan and Simona Amanar won the women's title for Romania at the European team gymnastics championships here on Thursday.  Result 
Killings and threats of increased violence have overshadowed preparations for a presidential vote next week, even though the parties signed a civility pact to guarantee peace during the balloting.  Already around 30 people have died in political violence during street protests and rallies for the May 16 poll that pits President Joaquin Balaguer against Jose Francisco Pena Gomez, a black leader of the Democratic Revolutionary Party. Most recent surveys put them in a dead heat. 
The dollar lost ground against the major currencies Thursday in New York exchange as traders awaited more data on inflation trends in the United States.  Gold fell 1.90 dollars from Wednesday's closing price to 379.90 dollars an ounce. 
Double chasers Manchester United are praying that small will not beautiful in Saturday's FA Cup Final.  The English giants' march towards their second successive league title was twice, if ultimately only temporarily, stopped in its tracks by Chelsea's economy-sized strike force. 
Hundreds of jubilant residents finally tracked down a vanguard of 20 Palestinian police officers as they waited outside Jericho Thursday ready to take over from the Israeli army.  Another 40 officers and 386 policemen, formerly based in Iraq, are due to follow Friday, as the Israelis relinquish control of the West Bank town to the Palestinians under the autonomy deal signed on May 4. 
A group of Russian deputies led by Ivan Rybkin, president of the Duma, is to go to China Friday for a five-day official visit, a parliamentary spokesman said Thursday, quoted by the agency ITAR-TASS.  The delegation is to visit a metal works and the Shenzhen economic zone bordering Hong Kong, said Dmitri Biriokov, spokesman of the Duma or lower house. 
Spanish football reaches boiling point this weekend as the last day proves decisive for the third year running amid rumours of corruption.  Deportivo La Coruna, at home to Valencia, are a point ahead of Johan Cruyff's Barcelona, who entertain UEFA Cup hopefuls Sevilla at the Nou Camp stadium. 
Italian Andrea Peron won the eighth stage of the Tour DuPont cycle race on Thursday but Russian Viatcheslav Ekimov kept a 34-second lead in the overall standings.  Peron, a 1992 Olympic time-trial silver medallist, broke away in the last 15 kilometers to win the 201-km stage from Banner Elk, North Carolina, in five hours 35 minutes 47 seconds. 
The collapse of a three-million-dollar bogus billing scam landed a former naval chief petty officer in jail here Thursday.  James McGill, 53, sobbed and apologized to his family as US District Judge John A. MacKenzie jailed him for seven years. 
More than 100 people have been killed in the past two weeks in clashes between the two main Kurdish groups which have split northern Iraq, leaders from both sides said.  The fighting between the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK of Jalal Talabani) and the Democratic Party of Kurdistan (DPK of Massud Barzani) ended early this week, they said. 
The Treasury Department and Federal Reserve have  neared agreement on plans to merge the Fed and three government agencies to save money, said Fed Governor John LaWare Thursday.  The Treasury Department has estimated that the government could save 150 million to 200 million dollars annually and the banking industry about one million if the Federal Reserve is merged with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Office of Thrift Supervision and Comptroller of the Currency. 
Foreign evacuees airlifted from Sanaa by the British Royal Air Force Thursday said people were deserting the capital of war-torn Yemen and shortages were worsening.  Two RAF Hercules transport planes airlifted 148 foreigners, most of them British, to Cyprus from Sanaa. The evacuees, many looking exhausted, included babies and young children. 
A former member of the British elite SAS regiment died from the effects of a bullet wound he received nearly 19 years before, a coroner's inquest found Thursday.  Sergeant-major Tony Fleming was wounded in 1975 while his unit was aiding the government of Oman against rebel forces. The bullet pierced his lung and lodged in his spinal column, leaving him paralysed from the chest down. 
Telecom New Zealand announced a profit Friday of 528.1 million NZ dollars (304 million US dollars) for the year ended March 31, up 15.4 percent from last year's 457.7 million dollars, excluding abnormal restructuring costs.  Operating revenue was up 22.7 million dollars to 2.497 billion dollars. This compared with a 53.3 million dollar decline in revenue the previous year. 
Malawi's provisional constitution will be voted into law by parliament before next week's multi-party general elections.  Lovemore Munlo, chairman of the all-party National Consultative Council (NCC) which is overseeing Malawi's transition to political pluralism, told journalists here Thursday that parliament is likely to meet May 15 to endorse the constitution. 
The Senate defied President Bill Clinton on Thursday by approving a measure that would require the United States to unilaterally lift the arms embargo against Bosnia.  The plan proposed by Senate Republican leader Bob Dole would force the US administration to disregard the 1991 UN embargo and clear the way for US arms shipments to help the Bosnian government defend itself in the two-year-old war. 
Police arrested some 50 people Thursday after right-wing youths armed with knives and sticks chased foreigners through the eastern German town of Magdeburg, injuring two of them seriously.  A 40-strong group of football fans attacked foreigners over several hours after parading through the town centre giving Nazi salutes, a police spokesman said. 
Philadelphia first baseman John Kruk, who missed the first six games of the season after surgery to remove a cancerous testicle, will have an operation on his right knee on Friday.  Kruk will have arthoscopic surgery to remove loose cartilage from the joint. 
President Bill Clinton said will not rush into choosing his next nominee to the Supreme Court as he missed the Thursday target date he had set for the announcement.  The wait could signal a change in the Clinton's choices, with the president possibly avoiding controversy over nominating Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt to the post. 
The White House said Thursday that the United States and France had reached a "common approach" on Bosnia-Hercegovina, one day before a Geneva meeting on the former Yugoslav republic.  In a brief statement, the White House said that President Bill Clinton and French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe "agreed the ministerial meeting offers as an important opportunity for the US, France and the international community to continue copperative efforts to press the parties to the conflict to negotiate a political settlement." 
Two Nigerian soldiers were killed in the disputed Bakassi peninsula in an incident blamed on Cameroon, Nigerian television reported Thursday.  "Cameroon has once again confirmed that she is the aggressor," armed forces spokesman Colonel Okon Ede was quoted as saying. 
Telecom New Zealand Friday announced a profit of 528.1 million NZ dollars (304 million US) for the year ended March 31, up 15.4 percent from last year's 457.7 million dollars, excluding abnormal restructuring costs.  As the result was announced an academic said Telecom was making too much money and might, as a result, attract attention from regulatory authorities. 
In 33 years of racing, Emerson Fittipaldi has never had an engine this good.  The reigning Indianapolis 500 champion gave the Mercedes power plant his ultimate praise here Thursday after driving his Penske car to the month's fastest lap in practice for the 78th Indy race. 
A pro-Islamic lawyer, Abdel Hareth Madani, who died in prison last week, had been tortured to death, an official preliminary pathologist's report has found.  The office of the state prosecutor said it had called for a final report and summoned the doctors who carried out the autopsy on Madani's body for more information. 
Colombia, Venezuela and Mexico cleared the way Thursday for a three- way free trade agreement after settling several longstanding differences, officials said.  In statements issued here as well as Caracas and Mexico City, the three governments said the Group of Three treaty would be signed at the June 15 Latin American summit in the Colombian capital and would go into effect January 1. 
The dollar opened at 104.15 yen in Tokyo on Friday, up 0.05 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.10 yen.  The opening rate was slightly below New York's late Thursday quote of 104.22 yen. 
Reduced costs and less stress are making state officials consider more multiple executions after putting two prisoners to death earlier in the week.  "The attorney general is talking to us now about the next multiple execution," said Arkansas Department of Correction spokesman Alan Ables Thursday. 
Chinese dissidents in the United States generally favor a partial withdrawal of Beijing's privileged trading status targeting state- owned firms, not complete revocation, dissident leaders said here Thursday.  There are differing views among the dissident community in the United States on the best way to advance human rights in China, but "an overwhelming majority do agree on the middle policy of targeted revocation," Zhao Haiching, the president of the National Council for Chinese Affairs (NCCA) told a press conference. 
New York's Supreme Court upheld a lower court decision Thursday denying film star Woody Allen custody of three children in a bitter court battle with his ex-lover and former leading lady Mia Farrow.  The court also ordered Allen to pay 1.2 million dollars to cover Farrow's legal expenses in the dispute over the couple's six-year-old biological son, Satchel as well as two children adopted by the couple. 
Rain, lightning and wild winds wreaked havoc on the LPGA Championship Thursday, leaving two golfers, Alice Ritzman and Dottie Mochrie, sharing the lead with three still stranded on the course.  Ritzman has never won a tournament in 17 years on the LPGA Tour. She carded a three-under 68 to share the lead with Dottie Mochrie, on a day in which only 16 of 141 golfers carded par or better. 
The Senate should approve a 14-year-old treaty to curb millions of landmines from being layed around world said President Clinton Thursday.  Senate ratification would be "a matter of humanity, common sense and sound military doctrine," Clinton said. 
Nine alleged bank robbers and two bystanders were killed when police foiled a bank robbery early Thursday, leaving bodies strewn along a five-block stretch of road, authorities said.  The bank robbers entered a Banco de Colombia branch and took about 20,000 dollars before they were surprised by police. 
Pioneer psychoanalyst Erik Erikson who widened the scope of psychoanalytic theory to take greater account of social, cultural and other environmental factors, died Thursday. He was 91.  Erikson died at the Rosewood Manor Nursing Home, said Diana Eck, a Harvard professor and friend. 
Diplomats from Europe, Russia and the United States prepared to meet here Friday amid disarray for yet another attempt to get to grips with the conflict in Bosnia-Hercegovina.  A senior US official said the aim was to "focus on cessation of hostilities linked with an early resumption of negotiations" between the Bosnian Serbs and the recently-agreed Moslem-Croat federation. 
Japan's women's volleyball team launched their tour of the United States with a 3-0 victory Thursday night, taking their record against the Americans to 88-57.  Japan cruised to a 15-5, 15-10, 15-5 sweep in front of about 3,000 fans. 
Six adults and two children died early Friday when fire swept through a furniture factory and salesroom in northern Bangkok, trapping the victims in their second-storey living quarters, police said.  Iron grilles on doors and windows prevented the victims from escaping the blaze, police said. 
The film censorship board has decided that the Oscar-winning film "Schindler's List" may be shown uncut in Thai theaters despite nude love-making scenes which contravene local regulations.  The board voted Thursday to lift a ban imposed earlier this month, and the film will be shown for the first time in Bangkok Saturday, a spokesman for distributors United International Pictures, Surachit Chanowan, said. 
The Atlanta Hawks held Indiana to the lowest points total ever in a National Basketball Association playoff game Thursday, leveling their second-round series 1-1 with a 92-69 victory.  The Pacers' 69 points were one less than the previous playoff low of 70, set by Golden State against Los Angeles in 1973 and matched by Seattle against Houston in 1982. 
Venezuela's Supreme Court cleared the way Thursday for a second set of charges to be filed against former president Jaime Lusinchi (1984-1989), chief justice Roberto Yepez Boscan announced.  The high court found that there was enough evidence to try Lusinchi,a social democrat, for misappropriation of funds from the National Institute of Racecourses, an agency to manage racetracks. 
Chinese President Jiang Zemin has issued an ominous warning that stability will be maintained at any cost, defending the bloody suppression of the 1989 pro-democracy movement just weeks before its fifth anniversary.  Without the "resolute measures" taken by the army on June 4, China would not enjoy its current stability, said Jiang, whose remarks were carried on state-run radio and the front pages of all major newspapers Friday. 
Israeli officials handed over at least three buildings to Palestinian police officers in the early hours of Friday as a small crowd of residents who had stayed up all night cheered on.  The Israeli flag was lowered and replaced by the Palestinian flag at the central police station, the post office and a court house. The sites were transferred formally to some 20 officers who had crossed over from Jordan on Thursday. 
Israeli officials handed over at least three buildings to Palestinian police officers in the early hours of Friday as a small crowd of residents who had stayed up all night cheered on.  The Israeli flag was lowered and replaced by the Palestinian flag at the central police station, the post office and a court house, witnesses said. 
India's ambitious nuclear and missile programmes will top Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's agenda on his visit to the United States, his most controversial foreign trip in three years in office.  The 73-year-old Indian leader, who embarks on the visit Saturday, is under tremendous domestic pressure to stand up to persistent US demands to cap the country's nuclear regime and freeze its missile defence programme. 
Indonesian dissidents are either worried or outright indignant over this week's announcement that state security forces would become more involved in labour disputes.  The head of the army's powerful social and political division, General Hartono, announced that the National Coordinating Agency for the Maintenance of National Stability (Bakorstanas) would become involved in social conflicts from their outset to prevent them from spinning out of control. 
Six Malaysians were hanged here Friday for drug trafficking, Singapore's Central Narcotics Bureau (CNB) said.  The six, convicted of trafficking cannabis and heroin and helping others to do so, went to the gallows at Singapore's Changi Prison at dawn. 
Australia announced Friday it had won a multi-million dollar contract to train 60 Vietnamese pilots to aid that country's air safety and tourism.  The two-year nine-million-Australian-dollar (6.5-million-US) contract was sealed by national flag-carrier Qantas and the Australian Aviation College of Adelaide, South Australia. 
Japanese Finance Minister Hirohisa Fujii denied Friday a news report that a "secret accord" to stop the dollar's fall had been reached late April at a meeting of central bankers and finance ministers from the Group of Seven (G7).  "There was no such accord," Fujii told a scheduled press conference. 
Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas has criticised Lisbon for lax security for 41 pro-Indonesian East Timorese pilgrims visiting Portugal, the Antara news agency said Friday.  The group was pelted with rotten eggs and garbage by a jeering crowd on arrival at Lisbon airport Tuesday. Its leader, roving ambassador Lopez da Cruz, was called a traitor and murderer. 
Japan will send two senior officials to the United States next week in a bid to break the impasse in talks on bilateral trade, International Trade and Industry Minister Eijiro Hata said Friday.  He told a press conference that the officials to be sent to Washington are Sozaburo Okamatsu, his deputy for international affairs, and Sadayuki Hayashi, deputy foreign minister for economic affairs. 
China has appointed 13 more members to its Preliminary Working Committee (PWC) -- Beijing's shadow policy-making body in Hong Kong.  The PWC is charged with mapping out Hong Kong's post-1997 political system in conjunction with top Beijing officials led by Foreign Minister Qian Qichen. 
Philippine Vice President Joseph Estrada Friday asked local organizers of a controversial East Timor conference to hold it abroad so the Philippines could avoid a diplomatic rift with Indonesia.  "Let us not invite unnecessary irritants to this relationship. Moving the conference out of the country is for the larger national interest," said a statement issued by Estrada's office. 
The navies of Japan and South Korea will hold their first exercises together when they take part in US-led "Rimpac" maneuvers in the Pacific Ocean from May 26, the Defense Ministry announced Friday.  This will be South Korea's third time participating in the biennial exercise, "Rimpac," since 1990, but its first time conducting maritime exercises with Japan, a ministry spokesman said. 
Hong Kong's airline Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd., will hold another round of talks with disgruntled pilots over pay rises on May 23, an airline spokesman said Friday.  Talks between management and the Aircrew Officers' Association (AOA) ended Thursday without agreement in a dispute over pay and productivity. 
A Chinese court has sentenced two US citizens to prison terms of 20 and 14 years for their part in a major fraud case, involving letters of credit totalling some 10 billion dollars, Xinhua said Friday.  Hung Moy and Raymond Lee, both Chinese-Americans were sentenced to 20 and 14 years respectively by a court in the northern province of Hebei, the official news agency said. 
Australia and a number of other countries are considering increased military aid to bolster and restructure Cambodian forces to help them fight the far-left Khmer Rouge, officials in Canberra said Friday.  France, the United States and some Asian countries are said to be discussing the most appropriate form of assistance because of the growing fear the Cambodian goverment is incapable of properly defending itself against a more disciplined Marxist guerilla force. 
Taiwan is to cut tariffs on 758 items, about one-third of them agricultural products, by an average of 2.81 percent to promote free trade and boost its chance of being admitted to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT,) financial officials said Friday.  The cabinet Thursday approved a revised tariff schedule reducing import duties on 514 industrial goods and 244 farm products as proposed by the ministries of finance and economic affairs, the officials said. 
Chinese President Jiang Zemin has issued an ominous warning that stability will be maintained at any cost, defending the bloody suppression of the 1989 pro-democracy movement just weeks before its fifth anniversary.  Without the "resolute measures" taken by the army on June 4, China would not enjoy its current stability, said Jiang, whose remarks were carried on state-run radio and the front pages of all major newspapers Friday. 
A Chinese court has sentenced two US citizens to prison terms of 20 and 14 years for their part in a major fraud case, involving letters of credit totalling some 10 billion dollars, Xinhua said Friday.  Francisco Hung Moy and Raymond Lee, both Chinese-Americans, were sentenced to 20 and 14 years respectively by a court in the northern province of Hebei, the official news agency said. 
Taiwan will shortly let foreign insurers join their US counterparts to operate on its soil as part of an effort to liberalise the economy, finance ministry officials said Friday.  Authorities here have only permitted US firms to participate in the local insurance market since 1987, in response to strong demands by Washington. 
Japan's first woman astronaut, Chiaki Mukai, 42, will blast off on July 8, in a 13-day mission aboard the US space shuttle Columbia, the Mainichi daily reported Friday.  The shuttle, which will also have six Americans on board, will carry out 80 experiments in near-zero gravity conditions, under a programme vetted by the space activities commission of the prime minister's office, it said. 
Japan will object to proposals to create a whale sanctuary in the Antarctic because of its lack of scientific basis,  a spokesman of the Fisheries Agency said Friday.  Kazuo Shima, head of Japan's delegation to the International Whaling Commission (IWC) conference in Mexico May 23, said Tokyo would do its "utmost to block the proposal." 
Israeli officials handed over five buildings to Palestinian officers in the early hours of Friday as a small crowd of residents who had stayed up all night cheered on.  The Israeli flag was lowered and replaced by the Palestinian flag at the sites, as women ululated and the crowd continued growing. 
US and Cambodian customs officials are holding a joint anti-drug seminar here aimed at helping Cambodia prevent the trafficking of drugs across its borders, a US embassy official said Friday.  The eight-day seminar, which opened Tuesday, is aimed at "helping Cambodia combat international drug trafficking and increase customs skills across the board," US embassy spokesman Dave Miller said. 
The Philippine government on Friday ordered the immediate closure of four provincial airports, citing gross safety hazards to aviation.  The Air Transportation Office said in a memorandum that international civil aviation rules and a Philippine building code "has been violated and continuously being violated with impunity and total disregard for the safety of flight operations" in the Dipolog, Bacolod, Cauayan and San Jose airports. 
Shining Path guerrillas set off bombs outside seven banks around Lima late Thursday injuring four people and causing widespread damage, police said.  One of the injured was taken to hospital, the sources said. 
Three hundred Palestinian policemen crossed into the West Bank overnight from Jordan and were heading by bus for the Gaza Strip, an army spokesman said Friday.  The men from the Palestine Liberation Army will join 300 of their comrades who arrived in two groups on Tuesday and Wednesday nights through the Rafah border from Egypt. 
Japan will send its top trade negotiators to the United States as early as next week in a bid to break the impasse in stalled talks, International Trade and Industry Minister Eijiro Hata said Friday.  The announcement followed reports that the United States had softened its tough stance in the talks, which collapsed in February. 
An inventive Japanese housing cooperative is undercutting market prices by as much as a fifth, enabling it to sell a tiny home in the Tokyo suburbs for the (comparatively) rock-bottom price of 465,000 dollars.  The cooperative, West Tokyo Home Center, purchases the land and carries out the construction itself, thus cutting out layers of intermediaries who inflate property prices, the Mainichi daily said Friday. 
An Iranian Jumbo jet with 60 tons of explosives and raw materials for weapons landed in Zagreb May 4 in violation of a UN arms embargo, The Washington Post reported Friday.  Two thirds of the shipment went to the Bosnian Moslems and the rest to Croatia, the daily said quoting Western diplomats and Bosnian Moslem sources in Sarajevo. 
Two Indian Air Force Ilyushin transport planes flew home 381 Indian citizens Friday from strife-torn Yemen, the Press Trust of India (PTI) reported.  The planes landed in Bombay, the news agency said. 
Three hundred Palestinian policemen crossed into the West Bank from Jordan overnight and headed by bus for the Gaza Strip under Israeli army escort, a military spokesman said Friday.  The men from the Palestine Liberation Army (PLA) will join 300 of their comrades who arrived in two groups on Tuesday and Wednesday nights through the Rafah border from Egypt. 
China has named a propaganda expert to head the country's film, radio and television ministry, an indication that the communist party wants to strengthen its ideological control, political analysts said Friday.  Sun Jiazheng, 50, who has made his career with the party in Jiangsu province, eastern China, replaces Ai Zhisheng, 66, who has been moved to a minor post with the central committee's propaganda department. 
The United States needs to start behaving like a superpower by showing commitment to friendly nations and respect for their laws, a Singapore newspaper said Friday.  The Straits Times, referring to the caning here of American teenager Michael Fay for vandalising cars, said that there was still "too much rancour" in America's management of "fallout" from the row triggered by the affair. 
China jailed two US citizens on Friday in a fraud case of staggering proportions, emphasizing the campaign to stem the wave of crime that has swept the country since economic liberalisation.  Francisco Hung Moy and Raymond Lee, both Chinese-Americans, were jailed for 20 and 14 years respectively after public trials in the northern province of Hebei, the state-run Xinhua news agency reported. 
More than 300 Palestinian policemen began crossing into the West Bank from Jordan on Friday as the Israelis handed over power in Jericho.  The Palestinians are to be in full control of the ancient city by late Friday if all goes well, ending 27 years of occupation, Israeli and Palestinian officials said. 
Ernesto Zedillo, of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), came under fire from his two main rivals late Thursday, in Mexico's first-ever televised debate of presidential candidates.  During 90 minutes, millions of Mexicans watched the three leading contenders in the August 21 elections: Zedillo, Cuahtemoc Cardenas of the leftist Revolutionary Democratic Party (PRD) and Diego Fernandez of the conservative National Action Party (PAN). 
Police discovered the disembowelled bodies of four army majors in Kompong Speu province bordering Phnom Penh, a local newspaper reported Friday.  The bodies of the four, who had been reported missing, were discovered by police May 6, the Rasmey Kampuchea paper said. 
A member of Israel's proxy militia was killed and two others were wounded Friday in a remote-controlled bomb attack in Israel's security zone in south Lebanon, the South Lebanon Army (SLA) said.  The bomb was detonated as their patrol drove along a road on the edge of the zone, the militia said. 
Defying protests from Thailand, Australia and five other countries are considering new military aid for Cambodia following a plea by King Norodom Sihanouk to save Cambodia "from the yoke" of the Khmer Rouge, officials said Friday.  Talks have been launched between Australia, France, the United States and some Asian countries about bolstering Cambodia's ill-disciplined, often unpaid and poorly equipped military, and a decision on aid could be made by June, they said. 
An offer by ethnic Chinese tycoon Lucio Tan guaranteeing a two billion peso (71.43 million dollars) for Philippine Airlines (PAL) in return for full management control was Friday being examined by the government, its biggest shareholder.  Tan controls PR Holdings Inc, the consortium which acquired 67 percent of the troubled airline from the government in 1992, but he is hampered by its dominance of the PAL board. 
Indonesia on Friday said it was "happy" after the wives of the French and Portuguese presidents decided not to attend a controversial seminar on East Timor, the former Portuguese colony ruled by Jakarta.  "We received this news with full relief. We are happy," Indonesian foreign ministry spokesman Irawan Abidin said. 
Australia's teddy-bear like marsupial, the koala, could become extinct because of the frequency of bush fires and housing developments, the Australian Koala Foundation said Friday.  The foundation, which has been monitoring the effects of the devastating January bush fires on koala habitats along the New South Wales coast, warned their numbers had been severely depleted. 
Thousands of refugees from Rwanda's ethnic slaughter have fled to northern Burundi and put a great strain on the country's limited relief food stocks, the UN World Food Programme (WFP) stated Friday.  In a statement faxed to AFP here on Friday from the Burundian capital, Bujumbura, WFP officials said the greatest influx was in the northeastern province of Muyinga, where the refugee population rose from 2,000 to 20,000 in less than a week. 
The Palestinian police were in control of the southern Gaza Strip on Friday as about 300 more reinforcements arrived and the Israelis pulled out of their last bastion.  "Everything south of the river is in the hands of the Palestinian police," a senior Israeli military official said. 
The Palestinian police were in control of the southern Gaza Strip on Friday as about 300 more reinforcements arrived and the Israelis pulled out of their last bastion.  "Everything south of the river is in the hands of the Palestinian police," a senior Israeli military official said. 
Boris Yeltsin's communist and nationalist opponents have agreed to devise a joint action program against the Russian president when they hold a national meeting at the end of May, press reports quoting communist party leader Gennady Ziuganov said Thursday.  Yeltsin's arch-rival, former vice president Alexander Rutskoi who was a leader in the bloody October 1993 hardliners' revolt against Yeltsin but was freed from prison in February, also called for the opposition to unite, saying "strength lies only in unity," according to the reports. 
Britain's three main political parties suspended their campaigning for the upcoming European elections on Friday as a mark of respect for the Labour opposition leader John Smith, who died on Thursday.  Campaigning will not resume until after the funeral, for which the family has not yet announced a date. 
Japan will send its top trade negotiators to the United States as early as next week in a bid to break the impasse in stalled trade talks, International Trade and Industry Minister Eijiro Hata said Friday.  The announcement followed growing signs here that the United States had eased its tough stance in the talks, which collapsed in February. 
Aid workers have found the bodies of 88 people massacred in southern Rwanda, a UN spokesman in Kigali said Friday as a battle for the capital between rebels and government forces raged on.  Abdul Kabia, spokesman of the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (MINUAR), said relief workers found the corpses on Friday in the Butare region, but could not say who carried out the slaughter. 
The Spanish central bank cut its main lending rate a quarter point to 7.50 percent Friday.  The move, which follows a similar cut in the rate on April 22, had been expected after the Bundesbank cut a half-point from its discount and Lombard rates on Wednesday. 
World Cup longshots and hosts the United States are favorites at least in the Philippines, where an autographed football from the team fetched the top price of 76,000 pesos (about 2,714 dollars) at a Miss Universe charity auction here.  The ball, brought in by Miss United States, Frances Louise Parker, raised the highest price in a May 10 auction that included an antique Taiwan teapot, century-old prints from Britain, and ancient silver and brass Egyptian plates, organizers said. 
Seven people died in three and a half weeks of political tension between rival groups at the Western Areas gold mine west of here, National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) spokesman Jerry Majatladi said Friday.  Majatladi said "politically motivated" fighting between supporters of the Zulu nationalist Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) and the African National Congress (ANC) started on April 17, nine days before South Africa's first non-racial election. 
Karl Wendlinger's condition was unchanged here on Friday morning, the Austrian Formula One driver remaining in a deep coma after his crash in Monaco on Thursday, hospital officials said.  Wendlinger was badly injured when he crashed during a practice session for the Monaco Grand Prix. He appeared to brake late coming out of the tunnel, the fastest point on the street circuit. 
Ireland's rugby union side see their eight-match Australian tour as a major stepping stone to next year's World Cup in South Africa, skipper Michael Bradley said here Friday.  "The squad of 30, including 12 uncapped players, will develop and learn during their three weeks here," the 31-year old scrum-half from Cork said after players arrived here ahead of Ireland's first visit to Australia in 15 years. 
A man was killed Friday and a woman and two children were wounded when a bomb exploded in their car in the Northern Ireland town of Lurgan, police said.  Police could not confirm the identities of the four or say if they belonged to the same family, although informed sources said the man was a member of the British security forces. 
The dollar closed higher at 104.58 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Friday, up 0.48 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.10 yen.  Dealers attributed the dollar's advance chiefly to dollar buying by the Bank of Japan, the central bank, on the foreign exchange market. The size of the market intervention was not immediately clear. 
Palestinians raised their flag over Jericho on Friday as 27 years of Israeli occupation came to an end and Palestine Liberation Army soldiers poured in to police the autonomous enclave.  The Israelis handed over a series of buildings and a military base to 60 Palestinian officers in pre-dawn darkness on Friday to the cheers of a small crowd who stayed up all night. 
Palestinians broke into the Khan Yunes post office and stole everything they could carry just hours after the Israelis handed over the town to the Palestinian police, witnesses said.  Dozens of youths smashed down the doors and made off with telephones, fax machines, desks and chairs. 
A chicken in western Iran has been laying eggs at record speed, on average one egg almost every hour, its proud owner said Friday.  Jalil Khorshidi from Kermanshah told IRNA news agency that the chicken, of Chinese stock, produced 42 eggs in a 52-hour period, backed by a diet of rice, wheat and vegetables. But it also eats twice as much as other hens. 
UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, in a bid to deflect mounting criticism UN operations, said Friday that UN member states were to blame for any confusion in the world body's action in international crises such as ex-Yugoslavia and Rwanda.  "The UN is neutral and and carries out the decisions adopted by the 15 states (on the Security Council), which include the five superpowers," he said in an interview on French radio. 
They are prisoners in their own capital, paralysed by fear and ravaged by hunger, sheltering from the gunfire in hotels and churches and the Kigali sports stadium.  Some 20,000 Rwandans have fled their homes for what they hope are safer surroundings in the city. There are 3,000 in the Aahoro stadium, more than 6,000 crammed into the King Faisal hospital, several hundred in the Meridien hotel. They are in the sector held by rebels of the Patriotic Front (RPF), which draws support mostly from Rwanda's Tutsi minority. 
Benetton picked up their second Formula One team on Friday, when manager Flavio Briatore took control of French strugglers Ligier.  Briatore, backed by the Italian clothing giant, had been angling for months to get hold of the team's Renault V-10 engine, which has powered Williams to two consecutive driver and constructor world titles. 
India has thrown open basic telephone services to  foreign and domestic private investors in a liberalised telecommunications investment policy unveiled in parliament Friday.  The policy is aimed at ushering in the eight-billion-dollar investment the government estimates is needed to provide a "telephone on demand" to its citizens by 1997. 
A UN military observer killed at the edge of the Sarajevo exclusion zone was a Malaysian, UN forces spokesman Eric Chaperon said Friday, adding that the shell which hit his vehicle was "not an accident."  Another UN observer injured in the same incident Thursday was an Egyptian but his life was not in danger, Major Chaperon said. 
Members of the Israeli parliament opened two days of informal talks with PLO officials in the Austrian capital on Friday.  The agenda covers autonomy in Palestinian regions, the future status of Jerusalem, refugees, Jewish settlements in occupied territories, and borders, a spokesman for the organisers said. 
GATT chief Peter Sutherland all but ruled out Friday the possibility of China's rejoining the world trade body by the year's end, labelling the schedule put forward by Beijing "extremely demanding."  While "encouraged" by three days of talks with senior foreign trade officials here, Sutherland made it clear that China was some way from realising its aim to be in at the inception of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), which replaces the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) on January 1. 
Israel officially handed over the town of Jericho to the Palestinian police on Friday with a handshake between two generals.  Journalists watched as Israel's central region military commander General Ilan Biram grasped the hand of Palestine Liberation Army General Hajj Ismail to mark the transfer of power. 
China has released five Christians from re-education camps, the official news agency Xinhua reported Friday.  They were identified as Chen Zhuman, Yan Peizhi, Xu Zhihe, Cui Tai and Zhang Li. 
Israel officially handed over the autonomous Jericho enclave to the Palestinian police on Friday with a handshake between two generals.  Journalists watched as Israel's central region military commander General Ilan Biran (eds. correct) grasped the hand of Palestine Liberation Army General Hajj Ismail to mark the transfer of power. 
Palestinians woke up Friday to find their own policemen in charge of this sleepy oasis after the Israelis pulled out of the first autonomous enclave.  "We went to bed expecting another day of waiting," said Khaled Abed after repeated delays in the handover of power since autonomy was officially launched on May 4 when Israel and the PLO signed an agreement in Cairo. 
The US currency was firmer against the main European currencies on Friday morning, as the market waited for publication of US retail prices later in the day for further indications on inflation.  By midmorning, the greenback was trading at 1.6730 marks from 1.6675 at the Thursday close, and at 104.70 yen from 104.20. 
A Spanish fighter plane on NATO maneuvers crashed into the Mediterranean Friday after one of its engines caught fire but the pilot managed to eject and was unhurt, the Spanish Defense Ministry said.  The pilot of the Harrier was quickly rescued by a Spanish Navy helicopter. 
China exceeded by 171 percent its 1993 export quota set by the Association of Tin Producing Countries (ATPC), but has pledged to keep exports below 20,000 tonnes this year to fulfil its commitment as a new member, ATPC said Friday.  China exported 40,700 tonnes, exceeding the 15,000-tonne limit it agreed to keep to last year, ATPC said in a communique at the end of its three-day 35th executive committee meeting here. 
The battle for the Rwandan capital Kigali between rebels and government forces raged on Friday as the United Nations said aid workers had discovered 88 bodies of victims of a new massacre in the south.  Abdul Kabia, spokesman of the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (MINUAR), said relief workers found the recent victims of Rwanda's bloodletting on Thursday (eds: correct) in the Butare region. 
Sudanese President Omar el Beshir on Friday blamed rebel leader John Garang and "foreign intervention" for the country's lingering civil war, and said Garang never kept promises made during peace talks.  Addressing reporters here ahead of a new round of talks to open Monday in the Kenyan capital, Beshir said: "The problem here is Garang personally." 
Boxing legend Muhammad Ali has passed on one of the secrets of his success to young Vietnamese aspirants, advising them not to sleep with their girlfriends three weeks before a bout.  The former three times heavyweight boxing champion was warmly received late Thursday by boxing hopefuls at a training centre in the Vietnamese capital. 
China has released five Christians from re-education camps, the official news agency Xinhua reported Friday, a day after the authorities announced that a jailed Roman Catholic dissident had been freed on parole.  They were identified as Chen Zhuman, Yan Peizhi, Xu Zhihe, Cui Tai and Zhang Li. 
A German company which organises summer language courses for young Germans has asked families putting them up not to serve beef to their guests, a spokesman said Friday.  Europartner said it feared that parents, worried by the German government's campaign against British beef imports, would refuse to send their children to Britain. 
Syria warned Friday it still insisted on a total Israeli withdrawal from the Golan and was sceptical ahead of US Secretary of State Warren Christopher's second peace shuttle in a month.  "Any settlement not based on the central issue of land is useless," an official in Damascus said. 
Japan's Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Ltd. suffered a special loss of 130 billion yen (1.25 billion dollars) in the year to March after writing off bad loans by six affiliates, industry sources said Friday.  The industry sources said the writeoffs were the the first ever by a Japanese life insurance company and offset by sales of property and securities which raised some 80 billion yen. 
Japanese bank lending in April grew 0.3 percent from a year earlier, down from 0.5 percent in March and a record low which reflected banks writing off non-performing loans, the Bank of Japan said Friday.  Demand for funds is unlikely to recover in the short term as bigger companies continue to restrain capital spending, a central bank official said. 
After seven boom years, Malaysia is now fighting inflationary pressures exacerbated by rising spending and profiteering, analysts said Friday.  A marathon effort to fight inflation is underway through a national campaign to be launched by Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad on Thursday, which aims to curb excessive price hikes and get "every Malaysian consumer" to spend less. 
Rival Yemeni troops battled Friday for control of a key town north of Aden, as an Arab League team issued an urgent appeal for a ceasefire in the week-old civil war.  Northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and southern forces backing Vice President Ali Salem al-Baid were locked in a grim struggle for Al Daleh, which lies near the former border between the old North and South Yemen. 
London share prices here were slightly lower on Friday morning, on the last day of the current account, after rising on opening on the back of higher share and futures prices in New York.  By midmorning, the FT-SE 100 index in leading shares had dipped 2.4 points to 3,134.8 -- a fall of 0.07 percent, after lifting 3.7 points on opening. In Paris, the CAC-40 showed a rise of 0.65 percent to 2,190.98 points. 
West European, Russian and US foreign ministers met in Geneva Friday in a fresh effort to agree a workable peace plan for Bosnia- Hercegovina and end the civil war in the former Yugoslav republic.  The ministers of Belgium, Britain, France, Germany, Greece, Russia and the United States, together with a top official of the European Union, began their talks shortly after 1:00 p.m. (1100 GMT) at the US embassy. 
A man was killed Friday and his wife and two children were wounded when an IRA bomb exploded as they were getting into their their car in the Northern Ireland town of Lurgan, police said.  The man was a maintenance worker at the local police station. 
GATT chief Peter Sutherland all but ruled out Friday the possibility of China rejoining the world trade body by year's end, labelling the schedule put forward by Beijing "extremely demanding."  While "encouraged" by three days of talks with senior foreign trade officials here, Sutherland said China was some way from realising its aim to be in at the inception of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), which replaces the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) on January 1. 
An appeal court in this French southeastern city Friday threw out an appeal by Mayor Michel Noir against a bail order served when he was charged with embezzling public funds this year.  The court also upheld a judicial control order also served in March against Noir, a prominent conservative politician alleged to have embezzled one million dollars to finance his political activities. 
Russian border guards Friday said they impounded a vessel bound for Japan carrying 20 tonnes of illicit crab on board.  The unit's chief os staff, quoted by ITAR-TASS agency, said officers boarded and impounded the "Okhta" when it took on the load from a shipping trawler in the high seas after leaving a Sakhalin island port Thursday en route for Japan. 
A long handshake between two generals and the Palestinians officially took control of Jericho on Friday, sparking popular celebrations after 27 years under occupation.  Israel's central region military commander General Ilan Biran grasped the hand of Palestine Liberation Army (PLA) General Hajj Ismail to mark the transfer of power for the first autonomous enclave. 
The latest agreement between Russia and Ukraine on sharing out the Black Sea fleet will fail, fleet commander Eduard Baltin said Friday, warning of power cuts to some Ukrainian navy units.  The Russian admiral made the gloomy forecast to the Interfax news agency. He said the Russian part of the naval command was getting ready to cut off electricity to some Ukrainian navy units in the Crimea, because the Ukrainians owed the fleet 4.5 billion rubles (2.5 million dollars). 
The prosecutor's office here began an investigation Friday into comments made by former Russian vice president Alexander Rutskoi to determine whether he should be held liable for his recent calls to overthrow the current regime.  Moscow's prosecutor, Guennady Ponomaryev, was instructed to "begin making verifications concerning illegal events that occurred May 9," when a gathering of radical opponents to President Boris Yeltsin was organized, the prosecutor's office said in a communique carried by Interfax. 
Karl Wendlinger's condition was described as "stationary" here on Friday morning, the Austrian Formula One driver remaining in a deep coma after his crash in Monaco on Thursday.  But the next two days are set to be crucial. 
A huge blaze Friday gutted much of Lucerne's historic 14th century tower, the Schimerturm, city officials said.  It took 150 firemen about an hour to extinguish the fire which broke out just before dawn, sending flames licking 30 metres (yards) high, firemenn said. 
A Palestinian policeman stood guard outside the ancient synagogue of Jericho on Friday, pledging it would remain open to Jews under Palestinian self-rule.  "This is a sacred place of religion," said Lieutenant Abu el-Abed as he stopped a Palestinian woman trying to place a flag at the entrance. 
Share prices moved up on continued buying supported by institutional investors at the close of the week's trading on the Bombay Stock Exchange Friday.  The 30-share BSE sensitive index was up 27.40 points to finish at 3,808.50 points. 
Next year's Cannes Film Festival -- the 48th -- has been ousted from its normal mid-May slot to make way for France's presidential elections, festival sources said Friday.  The world's largest filmfest will take place from May 17-28 next year, a week later than its usual prime position in the calendar of the world's film industry. 
Venezuelan President Rafael Caldera has completed his first 100 days in office with protests shaking the capital and a somber economic outlook fed by a 25 percent plunge in the currency in over a week.  Caldera took office on February 2, just days before the country was hit by a banking and financial crisis that started in Banco Latino, the second-largest bank in the country, and up to now has cost the government 5.3 billion dollars to keep in check. 
Frankfurt stocks scored a moderate gain on Friday, as the DAX index finished the day at 2,258.75 points, up 0.67 percent from 2,243.63 points at the Wednesday close.  The market was closed on Thursday for Ascension. 
Taiwan's entry in the official competition at the Cannes Film Festival tells a story of cultural confusion in Asia, but which will be appreciated worldwide, its director told AFP Thursday.  Edward Yang, speaking an hour before the premiere of "A Confucian Confusion" here, said the film was about a specific culture, but has far wider resonances. 
A little boy screamed as he arrived at the Kigali Red Cross hospital, covered in shrapnel wounds. Another boy's foot was wrapped in a blood- soaked cloth and a one-month-old baby came in a cardboard box, his face riddled with cuts.  The children, a group of eight brought to the hospital, were out alone on the streets when the shell landed. No one knows where their parents are, or whether they are even alive. 
Boris Becker earned a free ride into the Italian Open semi-finals here on Friday, when fellow German Michael Stich pulled out before their quarter-final with back pains.  Stich, the world number two, had complained of "a cold in the back" after Thursday's third-round victory over Moroccan surprise qualifier, Karim Alami. 
The graffiti on a school wall in Khagrachari said it all: "Just like a black cannot become a white, a pahari (hill people) cannot be a Bengali."  Twenty years since the fighting began here, peace in Bangladesh's southeastern hill tracts region still seems an elusive proposition, regardless of whether tribal Shanti Bahini rebels in India can agree with the government on returning home. 
Facing rising calls for action from the public and Congress, the Pentagon has agreed to carry out a major clinical study of the mystery illness affecting hundreds of Gulf War veterans.  The symptoms of the so-called "Persian Gulf Syndrome" have included chronic fatigue, arthritis, insomnia, hair loss, nervous breakdowns, respiratory problems and diarrhea. But doctors have been unable to trace the causes of the ailments. 
The death rate from cancer and other diseases has shot up around the Aral Sea in the last 30 years since cotton-growing started to dry out the giant inland waterway, experts have warned here.  Salt content has tripled in the sea, situated between the former Soviet central Asian republics of Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan, according to studies quoted at conferences held recently in the Uzbek capital Tashkent. 
India opened up basic telephone services to foreign and domestic private companies in a long-awaited telecom policy unveiled Friday, taking the first step towards private phone networks.  The policy is aimed at meeting an eight-billion-dollar shortfall in the nearly 14 billion dollars required to modernise India's antiquated telephone system and provide a phone on demand to its citizens by the year 1996. 
Clashes between rival political groups at one South African gold mine and a crippling strike at another Friday dampened some of South Africa's post-election euphoria.  Seven people died in three and a half weeks of political tension between supporters of the Zulu nationalist Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) and the African National Congress (ANC) at the Western Areas gold mine west of here, National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) spokesman Jerry Majatladi said Friday. 
US-based Hughes Aircraft Co is to be awarded a contract to supply satellite control equipment for Malaysia's first telecommunications satellite, company officials said Friday.  Hughes is to seal the deal with Binariang, Sdn Bhd, the telecommunications company licenced by the government to own and operate the Malaysia East Asia Satellite (MEASAT), Binariang said. 
The rand remained weak against the dollar Friday, opening at 3.6415/30 to the greenback from Thursday's close of 3.600/15.  Dealers said the local unit was expected to remain weak against the strong dollar. 
The Gdansk shipyards (Stocznia Gdanska) are to built two steamships for a Greek shipping firm worth a total of 250 million dollars, a shipyard spokesman said.  He said they would be "the first steamships ever built in Poland", 
The search for an opposition Labour Party leader to replace John Smith promises to be long and complex, due in part to democratic reforms pushed through by Smith himself last year, observers said Friday.  Smith, whose political acumen and common touch had positioned him as the man most likely to become Britain's first Labour prime minister in 15 years, died suddenly of a heart attack Thursday at 55. 
A previously unknown movement calling itself Anti-Fascist Action said it had set fire to a central Athens cinema overnight in protest at neo-Nazis, Greek police reported here on Friday.  The l00 or so people in the cinema escaped unhurt. 
Sinn Fein, the political wing of the outlawed IRA, has made what Irish government sources said Friday was a "genuine attempt" to break the deadlocked peace process by seeking clarification on certain points in the landmark Anglo-Irish declaration.  The sources, quoted by the Irish Times of Dublin, said Sinn Fein had sent a document to the Irish government outlining the points it felt needed further explanation. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin met here Friday with German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel to discuss cooperation between Moscow and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation.  Yeltsin, on the last day of his three-day visit to Germany, then headed to Stuttgart to meet with a group of businessmen. 
Tajik government and opposition leaders are to met here in June to resume UN-sponsored talks to resolve the crisis in Tajikistan, Iranian officials said Friday.  A first round of talks between the democratic and Islamic opposition and the pro-communist government was held in Moscow in March, after the assassination of Deputy Prime Minister Mouzabcho Nazarchoiev, but without progress. 
The Ferranti defence business has been sold to GEC-Marconi, a 100 -percent-owned subsidiary of British group General Electric Co. (GEC), Ferranti receivers announced here on Friday.  The receivers, from Arthur Andersen chartered accountants, did not indicate the value of the deal, which becomes effective Thursday evening. According to the British press, the amount should be around 50 million pounds. 
US consumer prices rose 0.1 percent in April, the Commerce Department said Friday.  Most experts forecast a 0.3 percent advance in the department's Consumer Price Index. 
Danish Interior and Immigration Minister Birte Weiss said Friday she asked Albania, Hungary and Slovenia for authorisation to set up Danish-run camps for refugees from former Yugoslavia on their territories.  In a note to parliament, Weiss said there was no agreement so far to the requests, made in April, but that the government was continuing to seek an accord with the three countries. 
Two men, both English, were convicted Friday and jailed for 30 years each for their part in an Irish Republican Army (IRA) bombing campaign that included last year's huge blast at Harrod's department store in central London.  "You are both evil men whose business is terror, death and destruction," Judge Anthony Hidden told former army corporal Jan Taylor, 51, and computer expert Patrick Hayes, 41. 
Striking sailing staff of the SNCM shipping company decided to resume work on Friday after a court ordered suspension of their strike earlier in the day, company management announced.  The announcement said the first ferries for Corsica would sail in the evening. 
Bavarian and Italian police have arrested two Sicilian Mafia suspects for smuggling forged Italian banknotes worth one million marks ( 606,000 dollars) into southern Germany, police here reported Friday.  A wine merchant here, identified only as Luigi P., 48, was picked up this week, and in Sicily police held Paolo Lo lacono, 35, in his home village Partinicio. 
Kawasaki Steel Corp., the only big Japanese steelmaker not to curtail capital spending this year, announced Friday plans to streamline its steel activities while cutting its number of board members by six.  The company said it would realign its four steel divisions into a production and development division and a sales and planning division from July. 
A Palestinian stabbed a Jewish settler on Friday near Tapuah settlement in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, military officials said.  The army launched a manhunt after the Palestinian fled. The settler was taken to hospital for treatment but he was not in danger. 
Formula One drivers joined together to form a pressure group here on Friday in a bid to improve safety in a sport now overshadowed by death and injury.  The move follows Thursday's crash here which left Austrian driver Karl Wendlinger fighting for his life, and the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the San Marino Grand Prix two weeks ago. 
Hearts manager Sandy Clark has reacted furiously to suggestions the Edinburgh club will play out a tame draw at Partick Thistle on Saturday that would guarantee both clubs Premier Division football next season.  In theory either club could go down if Kilmarnock take at least a point at Hibernian and relegation favourites St Johnstone upset the odds by scoring a big win at Motherwell. 
Liberia's biggest armed faction, Charles Taylor's NPFL, Friday ruled out peace talks with its Liberian Peace Council (LPC) foes, contradicting an earlier LPC report that the two enemies planned negotiations.  "We are not aware of any meeting with the LPC," said NPFL spokesman John Richardson. 
A treaty of asociation between Russia and the European Union will be at the top of Germany's agenda during its forthcoming presidency of the EU, Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel told visiting Russian President Boris Yeltsin on Friday.  Yeltsin, on the last day of a three-day visit to Germany, met Kinkel to discuss cooperation between Moscow and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation. The Russian leader then headed to Stuttgart to meet businessmen. 
FIFA General Secretary Sepp Blatter urged Japan on Friday to ease tough anti-drug immigration rules and grant Argentinian soccer captain Diego Maradona a visa, describing the convicted drug-user as "a victim not a culprit."  Maradona and his Argentinian teammates are set to pull out of the Kirin Cup tournament after Tokyo stuck by it's stringent policy of denying visas to individuals like Maradona convicted of narcotics offences. 
Delegates at the Asian Football Confederation congress dealt a humiliatig blow to Japan's high-profile 2002 World Cup bid Friday, when they rejected the country's top official Tadao Murata in two high-profile elections.  Murata, secretary general of Japan's 2002 bidding committee, polled only two out of 32 votes in the bitter battle for FIFA's vice- presidency which was won by his arch-rival South Korean Chung Moon- Jung with 11 votes. 
The Chinese government has released five more religious dissidents in its latest gesture of human rights concessions to the US in the run-up to a renewal of its most favoured nation (MFN) trade status.  Three members of the Protestant Church of the New Testament, Chen Zhuman, Yan Peizhi and Xu Zhihe, along with Roman Catholic priests Zhang Li and Chu Tai, were recently released early from reeducation camps for good behaviour, the official Xinhua news agency said Friday. 
Indian company Gujarat Torrent Energy Corp. (GTEC, in Ahmedabad) has chosen a consortium led by Siemens Group to build a turnkey power- station, the German group announced here on Friday.  The plant at Paguthan, in Gujarat State, will have a power rating of 655 MGW and will be able to operate on natural gas or light oil. The investment amounts to 1.3 billion German marks, 800 million of which goes to Siemens, the announcement said. 
Suspected Islamic militants shot dead three policemen and wounded a fourth on Friday in the Asyut region, a fundamentalist stronghold in southern Egypt, the interior ministry said.  The assailants sprayed automatic weapons fire at conscripts guarding a police station in Badari, near Abu Tig, 400 kilometers (240 miles) south of Cairo, killing two and wounding one. 
Two Saudis convicted of rape and a Pakistani drug-smuggler were beheaded by sword Friday in Saudi Arabia, the interior ministry said in a statement broadcast on television.  Saudis Saleh Selimi and Kasseb Zahrani were sentenced to death for raping a woman at knife point after breaking into her house. They were beheaded in Jeddah, on the western coast. 
The Indian government will not privatise the two state-owned airlines, Air India and Indian Airlines, until their services improve, federal civil aviation secretary K. Padmanabhiah said here Friday.  He said the government had delayed plans to sell a part of its 100 percent stake in both airlines and float a Euroissue to raise funds for ambitious expansion plans. 
China has indicated its readiness to consider possible voluntary export restraints to curb the explosive growth in Chinese textile exports to Japan, government sources were quoted as saying Friday.  The evening edition of the Nihon Keizai Shimbun quoted international trade and industry sources as saying that Chinese trade officials had informed the ministry they were "studying" introducion of export controls. 
Walt Disney Co. plans to raise funds in the Japanese market for the first time with a 30 billion yen (290 million dollar) issue of samurai bonds as early as next month, a local underwriter said Friday.  A spokesman for Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. said the offering, targetted at Japanese retail investors, would have a three-year maturity. Other terms including the coupon rate have not yet been finalised. 
The dollar firmed against other major currencies in quiet trading here early Friday after the government reported an unexpectedly small rise in April consumer prices and because of a long holiday weekend in Europe.  Gold, meanwhile, rose to 381 dollars an ounce, up 1.10 dollars from late Thursday. 
An official Japanese task force studying measures to give greater market access to foreign products and services has listed 21 areas for deregulation, officials said Friday.  The proposals were made by the Office of Trade and Industry Ombudsman (OTO) in a report submitted Friday to Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata. 
Taiwan's entry in the official competition at the Cannes Film Festival tells a story of cultural confusion in Asia, but which will be appreciated worldwide, its director told AFP Friday.  Edward Yang, speaking an hour before the premiere of "A Confucian Confusion" here, said the film was about a specific culture, but has far wider resonances. 
Malaysia's national car-maker and Japan's Mitsubishi group have obtained approval to set up a joint company with a Vietnamese firm to assemble and sell automobiles in Vietnam, officials said Friday.  Perusahaan Otomobil Nasional Bhd (Proton) and its partners, Mitsubishi Corporation and Mitsubishi Motor Corporation, are to join forces with Vietranscimex to establish the Vina Star Motor Corporation, Proton said in a statement. 
Share prices gained ground on the Tokyo Stock Exchange this week, supported by active buying by overseas investors following a continued fall in the Japanese yen.  The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 selected issues in the first section increased 408.28 points or 2.1 percent this week to 20,270.75 points after rising 137.22 points the previous week. 
US consumer prices rose 0.1 percent in April, the Labor Department said Friday.  Most experts forecasted a 0.3 percent advance in the department's Consumer Price Index. 
France launched its bid for the Cannes Film Festival's top award Friday with the long-awaited "La Reine Margot," a lavish historical drama billed as the most gripping film on the Croisette.  "What we are trying to do is grab the cinema audience and not to let them go for a second," writer Daniele Thompson told AFP ahead of the premiere Friday evening. 
Egypt's Foreign Minister Amr Mussa will meet US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Saturday in Geneva to discuss the Middle East peace process, sources at the foreign ministry said.  Their talks would focus on the Israeli-Syrian track of the peace talks. 
Former Italian premier Bettino Craxi, who has been asked to surrender his passport to authorities, will appear before judges investigating him for alleged corruption before the end of next week, his attorney Enzo Lo Giudice said Friday.  "He will come back, you can rest assured he will come back before the end of next week," Lo Giudice said about his client whose whereabouts are unknown. 
US forces carried out a mock air, land and sea invasion involving 44,000 soldiers this week, but US officials denied a report it was a rehearsal for military intervention in Haiti.  The Boston Globe reported that the timing and tactics of the exercise, code-named Agile Provider, were developed with Haiti in mind. 
A tear-gas cannister was let off outside the offices of the Japanese Embassy here on Friday, a day after Tokyo officials decided to ban Argentine football hero Diego Maradona.  No members of the embassy staff were hurt in the attack, but two Argentinians needed attention after inhaling the gas. 
Blue-chip stocks continued to climb early Friday as long-term interest rates fell after the report of a weaker-than-expected rise in US consumer prices in April.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 11.30 at 3,664.14 points 20 minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange. 
An eight-year-old Palestinian killed himself accidentally here Friday, playing with a Kalashnikov gun of the new PLO police force, an AFP correspondent reported.  A woman was also injured in the accident at the former Israeli military administration building which had been handed over to the policemen earlier in the day. 
Israeli soldiers shot three people on Friday as black-hooded Islamic fundamentalists led a protest against Palestinian self-rule by several thousand Gazans, a correspondent reported.  Clashes erupted with soldiers as about 5,000 anti-autonomy protesters marched through Gaza City after a mass rally in a football stadium. 
French aviation authorities seemed determined on Friday to reject any flight plans filed by British Airways, Air UK or TAT airline for Monday flights using Paris' Orly airport, reliable sources said Friday.  Those companies have indicated their intention of launching service between London and Orly on that day, even though France is opposed. 
Business inventories fell 0.2 percent in March while sales rose 1.2 percent, the Commerce Department said Friday.  Many analysts had expected inventories to rise 0.1 percent. 
Russian deputies on Friday overwhelmingly approved a bill for Russia to unilaterally lift sanctions against the rump Yugoslavia despite an international embargo.  The action by the Duma, the lower house of parliament, came after the US Senate voted Thursday that Washington should unilaterlaly allow US arms shipments to the mainly Moslem Bosnian government in defiance of a 1991 UN arms embargo. 
The Irish central bank on Friday lowered its key directive short-term interest rate from 6.5, to 6.25 percent, effective next Monday.  The previous cut, from 6.75 to 6.5 percent, came on April 15. 
Marino Alonso gave the host country their first stage victory in the 1994 Tour of Spain here on Friday in the 204km 19th stage from Avila to Palazuelos.  However Switzerland's Tony Rominger retained the leaders' yellow jersey he has held since the prologue time-trial. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat said here Friday, as Palestinian police took control of Jericho, that he aimed to travel to the West Bank town in mid-June.  The Palestinians will hold elections "very soon," following the launch of self-rule in Jericho and the Gaza Strip, he told reporters at PLO headquarters in the Tunisian capital. 
"It's a first step," he said. "But if we are not listened to, then something's got to happen."  Berger, now the most experienced and most successful driver in the championship, has been a prominent figure on the issue of safety. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat said here Friday, as Palestinian police took control of Jericho, that he aimed to travel to the West Bank town in mid-June.  The Palestinians will hold elections "very soon," following the launch of self-rule in Jericho and the Gaza Strip, he told reporters at PLO headquarters in the Tunisian capital. 
Denmark intends backing the creation of a sanctuary for whales in the Antarctic at this month's meeting in Mexico of the International Whaling Commission, sources at the environment and foreign ministries said here Friday.  Parliament's environment committee gave its agreement in principle this week and is due to give full endorsement next Wednesday, provided Greenland gets a supplementary quota for catching rorquals off the island. 
China has indicated its readiness to consider possible voluntary export restraints to curb the explosive growth in Chinese textile exports to Japan, government sources were quoted as saying Friday.  The evening edition of the Nihon Keizai Shimbun quoted international trade and industry sources as saying that Chinese trade officials had informed the ministry they were "studying" introduction of export controls. 
Japanese Foreign Minister Koji Kakizawa agreed Friday with US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor to resume stalled framework trade talks between their two countries, officials said.  The agreement was reached when the two ministers talked by telephone for about 20 minutes, the Japanese officials said. 
The Paris Bourse enjoyed a winning session on Friday as the CAC 40 index finished the day and week at 2,187.00 points, up 0.47 percent by comparison with the Wednesday close.  Thursday was a French holiday (Ascension). 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin left Stuttgart for Moscow on Friday, ending a three-day visit to Germany where he held talks on Russia's economic and security ties with European and other world powers.  Yeltsin left after meeting with German business leaders. 
One elephant died and another was in a critical condition from injuries sustained when they were recaptured following their escape from an enclosure at a private reserve north of Natal province, Business Day reported Friday.  The daily said the two female victims and eight other members of their family had escaped Tuesday from a special enclosure at the Phinda reserve where they were being held temporarily following their transfer only 24 hours earlier from Kruger's National Park. 
The Greek drachma was again under sharp pressure on Friday six weeks before the European Union's full liberalization of the capital market, and Greece threw part of its reserves into propping up the currency.  The drachma had come under speculative attack on Wednesday, which resumed in full force on Friday after a holiday, forcing the Bank of Greece to step in to support the currency against the German mark and the dollar, Athens forex traders said. 
Blue-chip stocks on Wall Street lost ground Friday following a slight rise in long-term interest rates.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials fell 2.68 points to 3,650.16 at 11:00 a.m. (1500 GMT) from Thursday's close at 3,652.84. Trading was active with 85 million shares changing hands. 
US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor said he had agreed Friday with Japanese Foreign Minister Koji Kakizawa on the need for preliminary contacts to resume bilateral trade talks.  The so-called framework agreement negotiations collapsed last February over a dispute of how to measure progress in opening Japan's market and reducing its 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Washington. 
The Palestinians took control of Jericho and half the Gaza Strip on Friday as hundreds of PLO soldiers poured in to police the first autonomous enclaves, sparking mass celebrations.  "As of now, you are the commander of the region. I wish you good luck," Israel's central region military commander General Ilan Biran told Palestine Liberation Army (PLA) General Hajj Ismail. 
The London stock market fell on Friday as the Footsie index shed 18.6 points or 0.6 percent to end at 3,119.2 points. 
An eight-year-old Palestinian killed himself accidentally here on Friday playing with a Kalashnikov gun of the new PLO police force, an AFP correspondent reported.  A woman and a man were also injured in the accident at the former Israeli military administration building which had been handed over to the policemen earlier in the day. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin announced plans Friday with top German investors for new transport links by road and by rail between Moscow and Berlin.  Yeltsin, who met with 14 German business leaders on the final day of his visit to Germany, said businessmen had agreed to help finance the construction of a new high-speed highway between the two cities as well as a railway system. 
Rebels and government soldiers battled with small arms and mortars in Kigali on Friday after the bodies of 88 fresh massacre victims were discovered in southern Rwanda.  Many of those victims were young girls. 
Three people were killed and set alight after being accused of practising witchcraft in a remote village in South Africa's Northern Transvaal province, police said Friday.  The three were killed late Wednesday by villagers in GaMogano, according to police, quoted by the domestic SAPA news agency. 
European, Russian and US foreign ministers meeting in Geneva to try to agree upon rekindled peace efforts for Bosnia-Hercegovina extended their talks Friday beyond the originally expected duration.  A press conference after the talks which had been set for 5:00 p.m. was now expected round 7:00 p.m. (1700 GMT), a US source said. The meeting is taking place at the American embassy. 
FIA president Max Mosley announced revolutionary measures in Formula One here on Friday hours after drivers joined together to form a pressure group to improve safety.  Cars will need to be radically adapted by the grand prixs in Spain (May 29), Canada (June 12) and Germany (July 31). 
France is determined to prevent British airlines from carrying out plans to break the French stranglehold on flights into Paris' Orly airport next week, transport ministry sources said Friday.  British Airways, Air UK and TAT airlines say they will ignore France's refusal to allow them to use the busy international airport south of Paris and will launch services between London and Orly on Monday, as permitted by a European Commission ruling. 
The volume of trading and prices were lower in most sectors of the tanker market compared with the previous week, London brokers E.A. Gibson said Friday in their weekly review.  Out of the Middle East there was disappointing demand for the Very and Ultra Large Crude Carriers (VLCC and ULCC, over 200,000 tonnes) business while prices showed little change. 
France launched its bid to bring the Golden Palm back home Friday with the long-awaited "La Reine Margot," a lavish historical drama billed as the most gripping film on the Croisette.  But, at the end of the first full day of the 47th Cannes International Film Festival, there was some scepticism as to whether the film could do the job for France. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat said here Friday, as Palestinian police took control of Jericho, that he aimed to travel to the West Bank town in mid-June.  The Palestinians will hold elections "very soon," following the launch of self-rule in Jericho and the Gaza Strip, he told reporters at PLO headquarters in the Tunisian capital. 
Pete Sampras moved into the semi-finals of the Italian Open on Friday with the spectre of the French Open dogging his every move just 10 days before the start of the grand slam event.  The 22-year-old world number one defeated home star Andrea Gaudenzi 6-3, 7-5, in just under two hours on centre court at the Foro Italico. 
Refugees fleeing clashes around the key Yemeni town of Al Daleh gathered at Aden's busy qat market on Friday eagerly awaiting the arrival of mountain traders with news from the front.  Despite limited resources, authorities in this southern stronghold were doing their best to cope with a tide of refugees which could grow with northern and southern troops locked in a grim struggle for control of Al Daleh. 
Leading European stock markets were mixed on Friday, as the London bourse lost 0.6 percent but prices rose moderately in Paris and Frankfurt.  London traders said prices there had been affected by the futures market's decline and the prospect of a rise in US interest rates next week. On the last day of the trading account, the Footsie 100-share index lose 18.6 points or 0.6 percent to finish at 3,119.2, though it had opened with a slight gain of 3.7 points. Gilts gained up to 3/4 of a point. 
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's center-right coalition drafted a bill Friday making it a crime punishable by up to three years in prison for anyone to deny that the Holocaust took place.  Members of the coalition said they would present the bill to the Bundestag, or lower house of parliament, next week so that it could be voted into law later this year. 
A tobacco company patented a process to make a safer cigarette in 1966 but dropped the idea amid fears it would make its other products look bad, The New York Times said Friday.  The abandoned step would have heated the tobacco instead of burning it, eliminating the process that creates most of the hazardous substances in tobacco smoke, the Times reported. 
Islamic nations stand ready to provide peacekeeping troops to defend the people of Bosnia-Hercegovina if western UN forces are withdrawn, Pakistani ambassador Hamad Kamal said Friday.  Kamal was speaking after representatives of the 51-state Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) met in urgent session in Geneva and expressed "deep concerns" at the state of peace negotiations for Bosnia. 
The priority of the United Nations in war-ravaged Rwanda is to reach a ceasefire between rebels and government soldiers before undertaking any political negotiations, Jacques-Roger Booh Booh, the UN special representative to Rwanda said here Friday.  "For now, it is difficult to resume political negotiations so long as there is no ceasefire," Booh Booh said following a meeting with UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali. 
Albania's last communist president Ramiz Alia is to face trial on May 21 for criminal abuse of office, the state prosecutor's office said Friday.  The 67-year-old Alia, along with nine other ousted communists, will be charged with "abuse of office with criminal consequences," including the murder of Albanians fleeing the country, deportations, summary executions and embezzlement of public funds. 
Philippine President Fidel Ramos is to make his first visit to Europe since taking office in 1992 with a trip to France in September to open an exhibition, a source said Friday.  He is also expected to visit other European countries to promote his country in the business field, after opening the "San Diego" exhibition in Paris September 13 together with his French counterpart Francois Mitterrand. 
The dollar was boosted briefly on Friday on the London foreign exchange market by US inflation figures that were lower than expected, while sterling stabilized after a recent rise and gold traded in late afternoon at 380.75 dollars an ounce against 378.5 Thursday evening.  Traders said the dollar eased later in the session after the initial stimulus to stand in late afternoon at 1.6680 marks against 1.6730 a little earlier in New York, and at 104.85 yen against 105.35 in London mid-session - the latter representing its highest level against the Japanese currency since early April. 
Copper soared during the week to reach its highest point for 13 months, lifting above the 2,100-dollar-per-tonne level on expected increased demand in Europe and the US, and significantly lower stocks.  But other metals on the London Metals Exchange (LME) moved little, except nickel, which rose strongly after Inco unions voted to allow a strike, if necessary, at the firm's Sudbury plant in Ontario, Canada. 
A Colombian drug boss was ordered released by a judge Friday after serving two years of a 17 year sentence for drug trafficking and illegal enrichment.  After his arrest April 27, 1992, Ivan Urdinola negotiated a reduction in sentence to four and half years by confessing voluntarily to the charges and turning over part of his assets. 
West European, Russian and US foreign ministers held extensive talks in Geneva on Friday in a fresh effort to agree a workable peace plan for Bosnia-Hercegovina and end the war in the former Yugoslav republic.  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher met with British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd, French Foreign Minister Alan Juppe, German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel and the Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev, as well as their Belgian and Greek counterparts and a European Union representative. 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin has refused ultranationalist leader Vladimir Zhirinovsky's request that his Liberal Democratic Party be part of the cabinet, Interfax reported Friday.  The agency, citing a well-informed government source, said Chernomyrdin held a 20-minute meeting Thursday with Zhirinovsky, who suggested his party be given the defense and interior portfolios, or the justice portfolio which includes the post of prosecutor general, or the ministries of economy and privatisation. 
The Italian cabinet Friday chose 37 undersecretaries of state, 12 of them neo-fascists.  The previous governmment had 39 undersecretaries of state. 
Members of the UN Security Council intensified discussions Friday on plans to send 5,500 soldiers to Rwanda as part of a UN humanitarian mission, diplomats said.  The rotating president of the council, Ibrahim Gambari of Nigeria, said a resolution could be approved later in the day. 
North Korea is willing to hold talks with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to try and narrow differences between the two on the replacement of fuel rods at a controversial nuclear plant, the IAEA announced Friday.  The agency said that the date and location of the "working-level discussions" had not been decided. The North Korean decision was in response to an invitation by the IAEA. 
Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa on Friday hailed the "historic step toward a new Middle East peace" born of recent Israeli- Palestinian accords.  "It's a solid track, a one-way track, and I don't think there can be a going back on what was achieved," he told the Royal Institute of International Affairs before leaving for a meeting with US counterpart Warren Christopher in Geneva. 
Britain must play its full part in Europe and adopt free market policies or fall behind the United States, Japan and China in the 21st century, Prime Minister John Major said Friday.  He told a Conservative Party meeting here the issue of Europe ran deep in British politics and "raised concerns and fears that are too often played on too readily." 
Steffi Graf stumbled into the semi-finals of the German Open on Friday, dropping a set to Julie Halard, but returning after a rain break to win 6-3, 4-6, 7-5.  It was a miserable performance from the top seed, who mixed flashes of brilliance with masses of unforced errors. Typical of her erratic play, she dropped the 2nd set with a double fault. 
Chinese dissident Chen Ziming, one of the leading figures during the 1989 pro-democracy movement, was released from prison Friday to receive medical treatment, the official Xinhua news agency reported.  Chen, a 40-year-old economist and publisher of the reformist Economic Weekly, was sentenced to 13 years in jail in February 1991 for "conspiring to subvert the government and "counter-revolutionary propaganda and incitement." 
Emerson Fittipaldi wants Formula One to adopt some Indy car safety measures so his friend Ayrton Senna will not have died in vain.  In the wake of three tragic Formula One crashes, the reigning Indianapolis 500 champion from Brazil considers himself safer here at top speeds of 245 mph (392 km/h) than on much slower Formula One courses. 
The foreign ministers of Russia, the United States and five western European countries ended a meeting on Bosnia-Hercegovina Friday with a call for a ceasefire, and negotiations between the warring parties in two weeks, a French diplomatic source reported.  He said the ministers had called for the ceasefire to be "unconditional." 
Stocks were firm on the Frankfurt exchange this week, strengthened by positive first quarter results from a number of companies and a lowering of key interest rates on Wednesday.  The DAX index of 30 leading stocks closed Friday at 2,258.75 points, up 0.97 percent for the week after a O.38 percent dip on Monday which echoed losses on Wall Street. 
England's Philip Don is replacing Holland's threatened referee John Blankenstein for the European Champions Cup final between AC Milan and Barcelona on May 18, UEFA said Friday.  Blankenstein has received death threats from Italy, as Barcelona coach Johan Cruyff and defender Ronald Koeman are also from Holland. 
The foreign ministers of Russia, the United States and five western European countries ended a meeting on Bosnia-Hercegovina Friday with a call for a ceasefire, and negotiations between the warring parties in two weeks, a French diplomatic source reported.  He said the ministers had called for the ceasefire to be "unconditional." 
A group of Norwegian tourists were held up and robbed at gunpoint here Friday only minutes after their plane touched down, said police.  The five Norwegians were onboard a hotel shuttle bus when one of two young men who had joined them, pulled out a gun and demanded cash and jewelery. 
Rwandan rebels said Friday that they have taken control half of the country after five weeks of heavy fighting with government forces during which tens of thousands of people have died.  Fighters of the Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF) said in a radio broadcast monitored here by the BBC that the districts of Byumba, half of Ruhengeri in the north, Kibungu in the east and a large part of the capital, Kigali had fallen to rebel forces. 
The dollar remained firmed against other major currencies in quiet trading here early Friday after the government reported an unexpectedly small rise in April consumer prices and because of a long holiday weekend in Europe.  Gold, meanwhile, rose to 381.10 dollars an ounce, up 1.20 dollars from late Thursday. 
The foreign ministers of Russia, the United States and five western European countries called Friday for a four-month ceasefire in Bosnia- Hercegovina and negotiations between the warring parties in two weeks.  A communique issued at the end of their five-hour meeting called for a peace agreement based on a European Union proposal to divide the former Yugoslav republic on the basis of 51 percent for a federation of Moslems and Croats, and 49 percent for Serbs. 
The foreign ministers of Russia, the United States and five western European countries called Friday for a four-month ceasefire in Bosnia- Hercegovina and negotiations between the warring parties in two weeks.  A communique issued at the end of their five-hour meeting called for a peace agreement based on a European Union proposal to divide the former Yugoslav republic on the basis of 51 percent for a federation of Moslems and Croats, and 49 percent for Serbs. 
Washington's credibility will be badly damaged if it backs down in the next three weeks in its insistence that China improve its human rights record to preserve the trade relationship, according to a report published here Friday.  "US interests are dependent on Washington's credibility, and nobody can doubt that a major about face on this issue before June 1994 would damage our credibility, with negative consequences in the future," said the report from a panel of experts sent to President Bill Clinton. 
Despite broad opposition here to a military solution in Haiti, rumors of a US military intervention are growing, fueled by the defiance of the Haitian military and domestic politics.  After denying a Los Angeles Times story Wednesday that Washington had decided to use force and that only the timing remained in question, the White House Friday played down the importance of military exercises in the Caribbean. 
Ayrton Senna was killed by a piece of suspension from his Williams- Renault at the San Marino grand prix, FIA president Max Mosley said here on Friday.  "We have received the results of Senna's autopsy which allows us now to say it was a piece of suspension, which pierced his helmet and gave the fatal blow," said Mosley. 
French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson on Friday threw down the gauntlet to British airlines planning to break the French stranglehold on flights into Paris' Orly airport next week.  British Airways, Air UK and TAT airlines say they will ignore France's refusal to allow them to use the busy international airport south of Paris and will launch services between London and Orly on Monday, as permitted by a European Commission ruling. 
Southern leaders put forward a seven-point plan Friday to end nine days of civil war in Yemen between rival north and south forces, an official source said here.  The plan proposed by the southern Yemen Socialist Party, which is headed by ousted vice president Ali Salem al-Baid, calls for an "immediate end to the war" and the creation of a government of national unity. 
Southern leaders put forward a seven-point plan Friday to end nine days of civil war in Yemen between rival north and south forces, an official source said here.  The plan proposed by the southern Yemen Socialist Party, which is headed by ousted vice-president Ali Salem al-Baid, calls for an "immediate end to the war" and the creation of a government of national unity. 
The Footsie rose slightly during the week, despite constantly looking over its shoulder at US shares and futures prices and generally taking little heed of reassuring performances from British companies.  The FT-SE 100 index of leading shares closed at 3,119.2 points on Friday, a weekly rise of 13.2 points or 0.4 percent. 
Swedish Defense Minister Anders Bjoerck will travel to Poland on Monday to visit his Polish counterpart Piotr Kolodziejczyk and sign a cooperation agreement, the foreign ministry said Friday.  The agreement involves an exchange of information of defense issues whereby the two countries will expand their cooperation within the industrial defense sector. 
Cuban wrestler Lazaro Reinoso, an Olympic bronze medallist in 1992, defected in Miami as he traveled with the Cuban team to a meet in the United States, a Cuban exile group said Friday.  The 24-year-old Reinoso apparently asked for political asylum while clearing customs at Miami International airport on Thursday night. 
The US embassy said Friday its consular section that handles non- immigrant visas was closed until further notice.  Other consular sections of the embassy will remain open, an embassy source said. 
Beaten Kentucky Derby favorite Holy Bull will miss the Preakness with minor physical problems, the colt's owner-trainer Jimmy Croll said Friday.  "There were a couple of things wrong," Croll said. "Nothing drastic, but the vet said it would be better to give him seven or eight extra days." 
Senior officials of the United Nations, the US administration and members of Congress used a Senate hearing Friday to denounce the havoc abandoned land mines are causing civilians.  "Every month, at least 1,200 people, mostly innocent civilians who have nothing to do with any war or conflict, are killed or maimed for life by these tiny, silent explosives," said Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont, who led the hearings. 
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Jose Ayala Lasso made an impassioned plea Friday for the world to end the "unimaginable human tragedy" in Rwanda.  "The world must do something to halt this violence," said Ayala Lasso, who arrived in Europe Thursday from five days in Kigali, where he met with the chiefs of the Hutu-led government army and the mostly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front. 
Play at the Byron Nelson Golf Classic was rained out again on Friday, jeopardizing chances that at least three rounds could be played by Sunday.  The saturated Tournament Players Club course at Las Colinas had another inch of rain dumped on it early Friday. 
Northern leaders rejected late Friday a southern ceasefire plan to end fighting which has opposed rival forces for the past nine days, an official spokesman told AFP.  The spokesman said by telephone from the Yemeni capital Sanaa that there was "nothing new" in the seven-point plan put forward in Aden by the southern Yemen Socialist Party. 
Graham Gooch and David Ward were double ton kings on Friday as early- season championship pacesetters Surrey and Essex turned on the heat.  The 40-year-old Essex captain, a cast-iron certainty to earn a Test recall this summer, hammered the Kent attack for 236 at Chelmsford as his side piled up 446 for three, a lead of 255. 
Northern Yemeni leaders rejected late Friday a southern ceasefire plan to end fighting which has opposed rival forces for the past nine days, and demanded the surrender of southern chiefs.  An official spokesman said by telephone from the Yemeni capital Sanaa that there was "nothing new" in the seven-point plan put forward in Aden by the southern Yemen Socialist Party (YSP). 
Chinese dissident Chen Ziming, one of the leading figures during the 1989 pro-democracy movement, was released from prison Friday to receive medical treatment, the official Xinhua news agency reported.  Chen's temporary release follows the Chinese government's release of five Christians from re-education camps, as well as the liberation of two other dissidents, in an apparent attempt to persuade US President Bill Clinton to extend China's most-favored-nation (MFN) trade status. 
Dockworkers in Lagos have called off a strike which paralysed port activities for three days this week, the official News Agency of Nigeria reported Friday.  Lagos has the two biggest ports in Nigeria. The strikers were demanding higher wages and social insurance, and to come directly under the labour ministry and not the port administration. 
US and North Korean officials have held a new round of informal talks on the problem of Pyongyang's nuclear program, a State Department spokesman said Friday.  "Working-level officials from the State Department met with the North Korean mission to the United Nations in New York on Thursday afternoon in connection with efforts to resolve the nuclear issue," David Johnson told reporters. 
The foreign ministers of Russia, the United States and five European countries united Friday to put the peace process in Bosnia-Hercegovina back on track, calling for a four-month ceasefire and resumption of peace negotiations within two weeks.  They urged the warring parties to reach agreement on the basis of a European plan for the ethnic division of the former Yugoslav republic, providing 51 percent of the territory for a Bosnian Croat-Moslem federation and 49 percent for the Bosnian Serbs. 
Southern leaders put forward a seven-point plan Friday to end nine days of civil war in Yemen between rival northern and southern forces, but the offer was swiftly rejected.  An official spokesman in the northern capital Sanaa described it as "nothing new" and repeated demands for the surrender of southern leaders. 
A humiliating defeat that snapped a 12-game win streak has sent the Indiana Pacers a wake-up call.  The Pacers set a National Basketball Association (NBA) playoff record for scoring futility in a 92-69 loss to Atlanta in game two of their quarter-final series. 
The Church of England said Friday it had lifted its decades-old ban on investing its cash in South Africa, following the country's first non- racial elections.  But the decision is unlikely to mean an immediate movement of substantial sums into South African companies, said a statement for the Church Commissioners, who deal with the Church of England's investments. 
Southern leaders put forward a seven-point ceasefire plan here Friday as fighting between rival north and south Yemeni forces continued to rage outside the southern stronghold of Aden.  The plan, proposed by the southern Yemen Socialist Party (YSP), called for an immediate end to the nine-day war and the creation of a national unity government. 
He noted the "unusual" breadth of the Geneva meeting -- participants also included British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd, German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel and their Russian counterpart Andrei Kozyrev, as well as the Belgian and Greek ministers and European Commissioner Hans van den Broek.  Christopher said they would meet again if and when necessary, but stressed:  "We don't want to impose a settlement but to facilitate a settlement, to provide the best environment. It's up to the parties themselves to reach an agreement." 
Arch enemies Israel and Syria could make peace within the coming months, Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Yossi Beilin predicted Friday.  Beilin, speaking during an interview with CNN monitored in Cyprus, said the "Syrians are the key to the continuation of the peace problem. Without them there is no comprehensive peace." 
Washington is hoping Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's US tour beginning Saturday will bring better understanding between the two sides on the thorny nuclear issue, but is not expecting any breakthrough announcements.  "It is an opportunity to review issues of concern and a chance for Rao and Clinton to get to know each other better," a senior US official said. 
Calling land mines a threat to many developing countries, a US official said Friday that Washington will lead a worldwide effort to remove the devices blamed for thousands of deaths and injuries each year.  Thomas McNamara, a senior State Department official in charge of politico-military affairs, said it would be extremely difficult to ban mines, since they are not considered illegitimate weapons as is the case with chemical or biological weapons. 
A former guerrilla leader running for president burst into a studio in the middle of a televised debate between the two leading candidates to protest his being excluded from the program.  Antonio Navarro, who headed the M-19 movement known for its spectacular stunts, suddenly appeared in the television studio Thursday where the first debate of its kind in Colombia's political history was taking place between Liberal Party candidate Ernesto Sampler and Conservative Andres Pastrana. 
Canada's Paul Tracy, a pole favorite for the Indianapolis 500, suffered a crash here Friday during a practice lap and was hospitalized.  Tracy was taken to Methodist Hospital here complaining of pain in his left foot, but was awake and alert. 
President Bill Clinton is to make an announcement at 2200 GMT in the Rose Garden Friday, fueling rumours that he has decided on an appointee for the Supreme Court  The three front-runners for the post left vacant by the retirement of Harry Blackmun are Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt, Boston jurist Stephen Breyer and Arkansas judge Richard Arnold. 
Blue-chip stocks posted modest gains Friday in a mixed trading session marked by easing of interest rates eclipsed in part by weakness in technology stocks.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials rose 6.84 points to close at 3,659.68. 
Here are extracts of the final statement on the peace process in Bosnia-Hercegovina, agreed in Geneva on Friday by the foreign ministers of Russia, the United States, and five European Union countries.  "The ministers underscore their resolve and unity of purpose in working for an early and durable settlement of the Bosnian conflict. They reaffirm that the conflict in Bosnia and Hercegovina cannot be resolved by military means and must be settled through negotiations." 
The Dominican Republic's President Joaquin Balaguer, at 87 seeking his 7th term as president, wrapped up his campaign Friday with a huge rally that attracted tens of thousands of people.  Waving banners and beating drums, Balaguer's supporters cheered as the 87-year-old, who is nearly blind, pledged in a short but clear speech that if re-elected, he would struggle "with all my might to maintain economic, social and political stability." 
President Bill Clinton was to name Stephen Breyer, a Massachusetts federal judge, as his nominee to the US Supreme Court, an administration official said Friday.  Breyer, 55, seen as a moderate consensus-builder, had been favored by Clinton last year before he named Ruth Ginsburg. 
President Bill Clinton was to name Stephen Breyer, a Massachusetts federal judge, as his nominee to the US Supreme Court, an administration official said Friday.  Breyer, 55, seen as a moderate consensus-builder, had been favored by Clinton last year before he named Ruth Ginsburg. 
An old friend of President Bill Clinton, Supreme Court designate Stephen Breyer is a moderate consensus-builder who most likely lost a nomination last year because he had a "nanny problem."  The 55-year-old Breyer, nominated Friday to court, should be easily confirmed to replace retiring Justice Harry Blackmun and become the 108th justice named to the nation's highest court. 
The dollar remained firmed against other major currencies in quiet trading here Friday after the government reported an unexpectedly small rise in April consumer prices and because of a long holiday weekend in Europe.  Gold, meanwhile, rose to 380.70 dollars an ounce, up .80 cents from late Thursday. 
Conservative party presidential candidate Diego Fernandez was the big winner among the three candidates in a landmark debate that put the three candidates face-to-face, press reports said Friday.  "Diego wins debate" ran headlines in the independent morning paper Reforma following the debate Thursday night. Its poll of voters in two states put the conservative candidate well ahead. 
President Bill Clinton on Friday selected Stephen Breyer, a Massachusetts federal judge, as his nominee to the US Supreme Court.  Breyer, 55, seen as a moderate consensus-builder, had been favored by Clinton last year before he named Ruth Ginsburg. He heads the federal appeals court in Boston. 
Russia, the United States and western Europe united Friday in a new bid for peace in Bosnia-Hercegovina amid political rumblings back home over the failure of their sanctions, arms embargo and peace troops policies to date.  A threat by France, provider of the biggest UN troop contingent, to withdraw its men should prospects for a solution remain out of sight coincided with a US Senate move to lift the embargo on arms for the Moslem Bosnians and a Russian parliament call to abandon sanctions against Serbia. 
President Bill Clinton on Friday selected Stephen Breyer, a Massachusetts federal judge, as his nominee to the US Supreme Court.  Breyer, 55, seen as a moderate consensus-builder, had been favored by Clinton last year before he named Ruth Ginsburg to the court. 
Italy's new prime minister, media magnate Silvio Berlusconi, met the US ambassador to Rome Friday for a "cordial" conversation, the premier's office said.  Ambassador Reginald Bartholomew passed on US President Bill Clinton's congratulations to Berlusconi who formed his government this week, more than a month since general elections, the office said. 
A strong earthquake struck the southern Philippines before dawn Saturday, toppling power and communication lines in Pagadian City, but there were no immediate reports of casualties, seismologists here said.  The temblor, striking at 4:12 a.m. (2012 GMT Friday), registered 5.7 on the Richter scale and its epicenter was plotted in Illana Bay, a few kilometers (miles) south of Pagadian, seismologist Lito Lanuza of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology told AFP. 
Following the lead set by interest rates, share prices on Wall Street bounced around this past week before closing Friday on a down note as traders awaited the Federal Reserve's next move.  The Dow Jones index of 30 blue chips closed down 9.82 points (0.27 percent) Friday at 3,659.68. 
British Airways (BA) may sue the French government if it stops the company's flights landing at Orly airport, south of Paris, a company spokesman said Friday.  The company would consider seeking compensation, the spokesman said. 
A strong earthquake rocked the southern Philippines before dawn Saturday, toppling power and communication lines and blacking out the Pagadian City vicinity, but there were no immediate reports of casualties, officials said.  The temblor, which struck at 4:12 a.m. (2012 GMT Friday), registered 5.7 on the Richter scale. Its epicenter was in the Illana Bay, a few kilometers (miles) south of Pagadian, seismologist Lito Lanuza of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Phivolcs) told AFP. 
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali backed a US plan to shelter refugees at Rwanda's borders Friday, but warned that more was needed.  The UN chief renewed his plea to the 15 council members to agree to a plan to deploy 5,500 troops to Rwanda as part of a UN humanitarian mission, reinforcing a UN mission reduced to 270 members. 
Southern troops suffered "heavy losses" when northern forces recaptured the town of Al Musaymir, northwest of Aden, a spokesman for the defense ministry announced overnight Friday.  The report came as northern leaders rejected as "nothing new" a seven- point ceasefire plan put forward by their southern counterparts. 
A woman who lost her job as a perfume demonstrator because of alleged body odor told a court hearing her wrongful dismissal lawsuit that the incident made people see her as "this smelly person."  Sharon Bagnall told an Ontario Court judge that she was humiliated by the April 1991 dismissal by Calvin Klein Cosmetics. 
Defending champion Patty Sheehan fired a three-under-par 68 at the windblown LPGA Championship Friday to breeze into share of the halfway lead with Robin Walton.  Sheehan began the day back in 17th place, but four birdies and just one bogey put her at two-under 140 through two rounds. 
Prime Minister Jean Chretien told members of his governing Liberal Party he would continue efforts to build Canadian unity despite the efforts of Quebec separatists.  Describing Canada as "the best country in the world, a country that is the envy of the world," Chretien's message was seen as a critique of separatists who want to see his native province of Quebec become an independent state. 
Ukraine agreed Friday to adhere to guidelines for nonproliferation of missile technology, the White House said.  Vice President Al Gore and Deputy Prime Minister Valeri Shmarov signed a memorandum of understanding on the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR), which the United States and 24 other nations belong to, the White House said in a statement. 
Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams has urged the British government to respond positively to a document detailing demands for clarification of the Anglo-Irish joint declaration.  The document was transmitted to the British government by the Irish government Friday on behalf of Sinn Fein. 
Canada's Paul Tracy crashed here Friday during practice for Indianapolis 500 pole qualifying, dimming chances of a front-row sweep by the Mercedes-powered Penske team.  Tracy spent Friday night at Methodist Hospital following neurological tests and X-rays after he lost control of his car at 240 mph (384 km/h) in the third turn. Tracy was listed in good condition with a concussion and bruised left foot but is questionable for qualifying. 
A photographer filed a one million dollar lawsuit against Michael Jackson Friday as a photographer claimed the pop star did nothing to stop his bodyguards from beating him and taking his film.  Free-lance photographer Alex Oliveira alleges two Jackson bodyguards attacked him in New York's Central Park March 31 as he tried to photograph the pop superstar. 
Ukraine has dismantled its 46 intercontinental missiles, Interfax news agency quoted President Leonid Kravchuk as saying Friday.  The scrapping of the SS-24 missiles was part of an agreement signed in Moscow January by Kravchuk, US President Bill Clinton and his Russian counterpart Boris Yeltsin. 
Nearly 100 Rwandan nurses, doctors and drivers of the relief organization Medecins sans Frontieres (MSF) have been killed in the country's civil war since mid-April, MSF announced Friday.  The killings happened inside refugee camps, hospitals and medical centers. 
The UN Security Council delayed a vote Friday on a plan to deploy 5,500 UN troops to Rwanda to reinforce a UN mission reduced to 270 members.  While welcoming the US initiative to establish protected sites for refugees close to Rwanda's borders with Burundi and Tanzania, UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said concentrating on that "would be to only address a small part of the problem" and could draw more refugees. 
The World Bank has approved loans for India totaling 6.5 billion to seven billion dollars for the next three years, officials said Friday.  The loans are less than the nine billion dollars approved for the previous three-year period, but reflect the changing nature of the aid and improvements in India's economy, said Heinz Vergin, the bank official in charge of India. 
A Polynesian race many deny exists, which 150 years ago was driven to the edge of extinction by a genocidal war, might win justice after the High Court here ruled they were entitled to seek compensation for lost lands.  The Moriori lived on the isolated Chatham Islands, 870 kilometres (539 miles) from here, until 1835 when the Te Ati Awa Maori tribe arrived from New Zealand and began slaughtering them. 
Scotland Yard detectives are to investigate the theft of four million dollars (2.6 million pounds) from the United Nations headquarters in Somalia, a police spokeswoman said early Saturday.  A team from the Yard's international and organised crime squad will fly to the Somali capital, Mogadishu, early next week, said a Yard spokeswoman. 
The Italian industrial group Riva said late Friday it was pulling out of a deal to buy the giant eastern German EKO Stahl steelworks, embarrassing the Kohl government in the region ahead of October's elections.  Riva said it would not revise its decision "whatever new proposals are made," the Treuhand privatisation state holding company said. 
President Bill Clinton announced Friday he plans to nominate George Bruno the new US ambassador to Belize.  Bruno, 51, is an attorney specializing in human rights issues. He was a member of the Justice Department during president Jimmy Carter's administration. 
Senior figures from Britain's Labour opposition party hope their new leader will be known by mid-July, following the death of John Smith which has devastated British politics, the press reported Saturday.  An early leadership contest could capitalise on the party's current strength over the ruling Conservative party which, according to an opinion poll Saturday has fallen into third place -- 21 points behind Labour and half a point behind the Liberal Democrats. 
A Briton was flogged 50 times for breaking Moslem drinking laws in the Gulf State of Qatar, his father said Friday.  The British Foreign Office confirmed it was looking into the case, which is thought to be the first time a Briton has been flogged in Qatar. 
A couple from Mali was given a four-year suspended sentence Friday by a court in the Paris suburb of Bobigny, after mutilating their two daughters by the traditional African practice of female "circumcision."  The prosecution had asked the court to set an example in the widely publicised case, which would send a message to the African community. 
A strong earthquake rocked the southern Philippines before dawn Saturday, toppling power and communication lines and houses, authorities said, with at least three people reportedly injured by falling debris.  The temblor, which struck at 4:12 a.m. (2012 GMT Friday), registered 5.7 on the Richter scale with its epicenter just a few kilometers (miles) off the shore of Pagadian City, the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Phivolcs) said. 
The UN Security Council delayed a vote Friday on a plan to deploy 5,500 UN troops to Rwanda to reinforce a UN mission reduced to 270 members.  While welcoming the US initiative to establish protected sites for refugees close to Rwanda's borders with Burundi and Tanzania, UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said concentrating on that "would be to only address a small part of the problem" and could draw more refugees. 
Japan's main opposition Liberal Democratic Party plans to submit a no- confidence motion against Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata, possibly as soon as budget bills are approved, according to party leader Yohei Kono.  In an interview with the Asahi Shimbun published Saturday, he said that the Hata coalition, which holds only 190 seats in the 511-seat lower house, was formed against "the people's will." 
Japan's Justice Minister Hiroshi Nakai said Saturday that Japan could not make an exception and issue a visa to Argentine soccer star Diego Maradona.  Maradona has been refused entry to Japan with the Argentine soccer squad because of a drug conviction. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao left Saturday on a week-long trip to the United States, where he is expected to hold talks on the thorny nuclear issue, officials said.  The 73-year-old premier left by a special Air India plane from a military airbase on the capital's outskirts, accompanied by a high- level delegation that includes Finance Minister Manmohan Singh. 
Former prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa has agreed to give testimony about his financial transactions in a bid to reopen debate in parliament on the budget, it was reported here Saturday.  The Tokyo Shimbun, quoting coalition sources, said Hosokawa agreed to give evidence after opposition parties still refused to join in the budget debate until he clarified his role in a loan from a scandal- tainted trucking firm. 
Australia is considering a UN request for a contingent of troops as part of a 5,500 strong force that may be sent to Rwanda, officials said here Saturday.  The request followed UN Security Council discussion of a US plan to send troops to establish protected sites for refugees, although the council on Friday postponed action on the proposal until next week. 
Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze has offered to resign after legislators refused to ratify a draft accord settling the separatist conflict in Abkhazia, a deputy said.  Legislators said they would draw up a draft of their own, different from the one hammered out by a government delegation and Abkhazian envoys and mediated by Russia. 
At least four bombs exploded in trouble-torn Karachi early Saturday, the official Associated Press of Pakistan said.  No casualties were immediately reported from the blasts which started when unidentified attackers in a car hurled a bomb inside a mosque. People were just gather for dawn prayers in the middle class Gulshan-i-Iqbal area of the port city. 
At least four bombs exploded in trouble-torn Karachi early Saturday, the official Associated Press of Pakistan said.  No casualties were immediately reported from the blasts which started when unidentified attackers in a car hurled a bomb inside a mosque. People were just gather for dawn prayers in the middle class Gulshan-i-Iqbal area of the port city. 
Kazakhstan's Prime Minister Sergei Terchenko arrived here Tuesday for a three-day visit to discuss ways of implementing economic and trade agreements.  Terchenko, accompanied by a high-level political and economic delegation including the ministers of energy, trade and transportation, was greeted at the airport by Vice President Hassan Habibi. 
Japan's Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Ltd. is to write off 400 billion yen (3.8 billion dollars) over three years to help bail out affiliates suffering bad loans, a newspaper said Saturday.  The Nihon Keizai Shimbun said the write offs would include 130 billion yen it was to report in the financial year to March to support six of its troubled nonbank institutions. 
After three months of record-breaking sales overseas, South Korea's auto exports slowed to 58,100 units in April, but were still up  6.6 percent from a year ago, manufacturers said Saturday.  The average monthly growth of auto exports from January through March was 18.1 percent, but automakers here shipped only 84 percent of their monthly export goal in April, the Korea Automobile Manufacturers Association said. 
China has played one of its trump cards in its bid to obtain renewal of trade privileges from the United States with the release of Chen Ziming, a symbolic figure of the 1989 pro-democracy movement.  Chen, a 41-year-old economist, was condemned in February 1991 to 13 years prison for "plotting against the government" and "counter- revolutionary propaganda." 
A radical Islamic daily on Saturday protested against a visit by a group of US newspaper editors and said it would boycott a meeting between the journalists and representatives of the Iranian press.  The chief-editors of 13 US newspapers and magazines arrived here earlier this week on a three-day visit to "raise their understanding of present-day Iran," a US journalist told AFP. 
A Chinese flotilla was spotted steaming into the Sea of Japan overnight for the first time since the end of World War II, the Japanese defence agency said Saturday.  Four Chinese naval ships, including a destroyer and a frigate, were believed to be on their way to the Russian Far East port of Vladivostok on a goodwill visit, agency officials said. 
Queen Beatrix was expected Saturday to formally appoint three party officials to negotiate a broad coalition government for the Netherlands, thrown into political turmoil after this month's general election.  The Christian Democrats (CDA), who have dominated the political scene for most of this century, lost 20 seats in the vote on May 3, retaining only 34 in the 150-seat lower house of parliament. 
India is to evacuate 15 Nepalese nationals stranded in civil war-torn Yemen, the Indian embassy said here Saturday.  The announcement of the planned evacuation from Yemen's capital Sanaa, follows a request to India by the Nepalese government, an embassy statement said. 
Vetaran Malawi President Hastings Kamuzu Banda, facing challenges from three presidential contenders in multi-party elections on Tuesday, said Saturday his work of ruling Malawi was not yet finished.  Banda, believed to be in his 90s, said in a 20-minute speech on state radio that the future Malawi needed an experienced leader like him. 
The Singapore High Court has made a landmark sex equality ruling that a house-husband can claim a share of his working wife's property in a divorce, a report said Saturday.  Judicial Commissioner K.S. Rajah ruled Friday that the unemployed man looking after the household was entitled to similar rights as women given benefits in matrimonial property disputes, the Straits Times reported. 
Kuok Philippine Properties Inc., plans a stocks rights offering and sale totalling 802.97 million pesos (28.7 million dollars) to finance expansion and diversification, documents obtained Saturday said.  The Malaysian-Philippine real estate joint venture will offer 727.51 million pesos (26 million dollars) in stock to existing holders. An additional 75.46 million pesos (2.7 million dollars) will be sold to Eastern Securities Development Corp., a local brokerage firm. 
Bangkok police arrested four young Russian women on prostitution charges after raiding two hotels in the capital, news reports said Saturday.  A Thai woman, Darin Chitklaew, 43, also was arrested in the raids on Friday and charged with procurring customers, they said. Police said the Russians had admitted travelling to Thailand in January on tourist visas to work as prostitutes. 
Several armored cars took up positions Saturday in the Georgian capital Tbilisi ahead of a debate in parliament on President Eduard Shevardnadze's challenge to deputies to abolish the post of presidency.  The armored cars were reinforcing police checkpoints already in place for several days in the center of the town, witnesses said. 
A depot stocking bombs for Russian warplanes blew up Saturday in the Vladivostok region in far-eastern Russia, ITAR-TASS news agency reported.  Rescue workers were sent to the site. No casualty or damage figures were yet available, the agency said. 
Iran has protested to Tokyo over the cremation of an Iranian who allegedly committed suicide in Japan, saying it was against Islamic law, the official IRNA news agency said.  The Iranian embassy in Tokyo lodged the protest in a letter to the Japanese foreign ministry, it said. 
The Chinese authorities on Saturday followed up the jailing of two US citizens for fraud by issuing a stern warning to foreigners who flout the country's laws.  "Foreign businessmen who think they can do what they like in China are wrong," said the People's Daily newspaper in a front page article, a day after Chinese-Americans Fransisco Hung Moy and Raymond Lee, were jailed for 20 and 14 years respectively. 
Former French minister Bernard Kouchner called on the international community Saturday to help avert "genocide" in the ethnically divided country.  "We cannot stand by and let genocide be perpetrated," said Kouchner, who arrived here on Thursday and spent Friday touring orphanages and camps for people made homeless by the five-week conflict. 
Sporadic bursts of heavy weapons continued in the Rwandan capital Saturday as rebels fighters battled government troops in an attempt to take control of the city, United Nations sources said.  Saturday's fighting mainly involved larger weapons fired from long distances, unlike the close range small arms duels that raged in Kigali on Friday. 
Bosnian leaders reacted angrily Saturday to US backing for a European peace plan giving 51 percent of Bosnia-Hercegovina to a Bosnian Croat- Moslem federation and 49 percent to Serbs.  Bosnian Serbs, who control over 70 pecent of the territory, for their part rejected giving as much as 51 percent to the Bosnian Croats and Moslems. 
South Korea on Saturday aired worries over a North Korean telex to the IAEA saying was preparing for the change of fuel rods in a five megawat nuclear reactor without outside inspectors present.  "It is extremely regrettable that North Korea gave notice of its decision to prepare to go ahead with the rod change on its own," a foreign ministry statement said. 
A fire that broke out overnight in a hostel whose residents included foreigners killed three people and left one person missing, police said Saturday.  But police said that it was unlikely that the fire was racially motivated. Up to 20 people lived in the hostel, but none were seeking asylum. 
Iran has denied a US newspaper report that it secretly delivered a planeload of arms to Moslems and Croats fighting the Serbs in Bosnia, the official news agency IRNA reported Saturday.  "The allegations by the American daily that Iran has sent arms to Bosnia are false," the Iranian embassy in Croatia said, quoted by IRNA. 
Twenty-three people were killed and several seriously injured when a bus collided with a lorry in western Kenya late Friday, the official Kenya News Agency reported Saturday.  The accident occurred near Bungoma after the bus left the town for Nairobi. 
Zimbabwe's Mark McNulty showed he is equally at home in the wet as on South Africa's sunshine circuit by charging into a two shot lead in the rain-hit Spanish Open here.  The 40-year-old had to wait more than five hours to start his second round on Friday at Club de Campo after heavy overnight rain, and more in the morning prevented play from starting until early afternoon. 
A depot stocking bombs for Russian Pacific fleet warplanes blew up Saturday, about 100 kilometres (60 miles) north of Vladivostok in far- eastern Russia, ITAR-TASS news agency reported.  Armored cars as well as a train were sent to the site to evacuate residents from the zone and a large-scale rescue effort was underway. No casualty or damage figures were yet available, the agency said. 
The Kremlin apartment of the founder of the Soviet state has been shut for a year and its contents moved to his home outside Moscow to permit renovations, the news agency ITAR-TASS reported Saturday.  Lenin's Kremlin apartment had been preserved as it was during his lifetime, and his furniture and boxes containing 42,000 articles were moved earlier this week to the museum at Leninskiye Gorky, the house where he died, ITAR-TASS said. 
Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said Saturday it was time for Israel and the PLO to push ahead with negotiations on extending Palestinian self- rule, following its launch in Jericho and Gaza.  "We must continue the negotiations without waiting, not only on extending autonomy to other parcels of the territories, as we will do in Washington, but also to negotiate the handover" of civilian powers, he told Israeli radio. 
Italy's European policy will not be affected by the "radical political change" in the country, whose government includes neo-fascist ministers, Italian Foreign Minister Antonio Martino said Saturday.  In an interview with the daily Corriere della Sera, Martino said the change since right-wing media magnate Silvio Berlusconi took over as prime minister following March elections "does not mean a break with the fundamental line of our foreign policy." 
Austrian Formula One driver Karl Wendlinger remains in a stable condition after his crash on Thursday, doctors said here Saturday.  One doctor, speaking on grounds of anonymity, said that the trauma suffered by Wendlinger's brain "appeared stable" following a scan at Nice's university hospital where the driver, still in a deep coma, is being treated. 
Riot police Saturday stopped 400 South Korean students from attacking the homes of two former generals-turned presidents facing action for alleged involvement in the military supression of a 1980 civil uprising.  Scuffles lasted half an hour in heavy rain after hundreds of riot police, armed with tear gas, stopped the students some 200 meters from the homes of Chun Doo-Hwan and Roh Tae-Woo, who live in the same area. 
The Chinese government will increase aid to the 100 million poorest people, whose plight has been worsened by the country's economic miracle, according to Civil Affairs Minister Doje Cering.  "The living conditions of the poor may be worsening for a time due to inflation," the China Daily quoted the minister as saying on Saturday. 
Fierce artillery battles raged Friday between Bosnian Serb forces and the Bosnian army in the Vares region in northern Bosnia, a UN spokesman said Saturday.  UN troops in the Nordic battalion on the scene reported nearly 300 detonations and heavy automatic weapons fire near Vares, 40 kilometres (25 miles) southwest of Tuzla, French Major Eric Chaperon, UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) spokesman said. 
US President Bill Clinton is to meet visiting Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds in Indianapolis on Saturday afternoon to discuss Northern Ireland, officials in Dublin announced.  Reynolds, who arrived in the United States on Friday, had not been scheduled to meet any members of the US administration during his trip, which is essentially concerned with trade, until he received the last-minute invitation from Clinton. 
Some 77 civilian casualties were reported by hospital staff here Saturday after nearly two hours of heavy weapons fire traded by rival Afghan factions battling for and against President Burhanuddin Rabbani.  According to a defence ministry official there was no infantry offensive by the coalition rival forces of Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and Uzbek General Abdul Rashid Dostam during the bombardment late Friday. 
Vietnamese state firms unable to pay their debts will soon be brought before special economic courts, a directive from the prime minister published Saturday said.  Insolvent state companies which fail to pay up by July 1 will face the courts under a bankruptcy law introduced last year, Premier Vo Van Kiet's order published in the Party daily Nhan Dan said. 
Bosnian leaders reacted angrily Saturday to US backing for a European peace plan dividing Bosnia, viewing it as a reward for Serb aggression, but Serbs also rejected the proposed territorial division.  The plan endorsed by the United States, Russia and five west European states in Geneva late Friday would provide 51 percent of Bosnia- Hercegovina to a Bosnian Croat-Moslem federation and 49 percent to Serbs. 
The Patriarch of All Russia Metropolitan Aleksei II left Moscow on Saturday with a delegation of officials from the Russian Orthodox church for a five-day official visit for former Yugoslavia.  The patriarch, who was invited by the Serbian Orthodox church, said before leaving that he considered his visit "a peace mission aimed at ending the bloodbath in former Yugoslavia." 
Germany's Michael Schumacher stamped his authority on a free practice session for the Monaco Grand Prix on Saturday, although the race remains overshadowed by the crash involving Karl Wendlinger.  The Austrian is in a deep coma after Thursday's smash, the latest nightmare faced by Formula One after the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the San Marino Grand Prix two weeks ago. 
South African Airways (SAA) will stop its weekly flight to Lisbon in September as part of a rationalisation programme, the national carrier said in a statement Saturday.  SAA said the Lisbon route was no longer viable and that the last flight to the Portuguese capital would depart from Johannesburg on September 2 and would return the following day. 
The Irish consul in San Francisco, Declan Kelly, is to be prosecuted for drunken driving and causing a traffic accident, in which five people were hurt, prosecutor Arlo Smith said Saturday.  Kelly went through a red light and hit several vehicles in the accident, which happened here on May 5. He refused to undergo a test for alcohol, invoking his diplomatic immunity. 
Palestinian policemen were deployed Saturday in Jabalia after Israeli troops withdrew under the cover of night, to the delight of the Gaza refugee camp where the intifada was born.  "Jabalia, the camp of the revolution, has been liberated," cried Awad al-Mamduh, whose brother was killed in the uprising against Israel's rule of the Gaza Strip and West Bank. 
Alan Rudolph, director of the "Moderns," paid tribute Saturday to US movie legend Robert Altman for producing his new film, hours ahead of its official premiere at the Cannes Film Festival.  Presenting "Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle" in the official competition, Rudolph told a press conference: "His fingerprints are all over this. He's the guilty one. Leave me out of this." 
A depot stocking bombs for Russian Pacific fleet warplanes blew up Saturday, shaking the far eastern city of Vladivostok some 100 kilometres away and triggering the evacuation of the nearest village.  ITAR-TASS news agency reported that the 3,000 residents of the village of Novonedzhino were being evacuated. Several were hurt by broken glass and were taken to hospital, but no deaths were reported. 
After basking in almost three weeks of historic glory which saw the death of apartheid, South Africans took a final break this weekend before getting back to work and school Monday.  Big business and schools turned a blind eye to two and a half weeks of disruption that included four public holidays and spontaneous and organised parties country-wide after South Africans voted overwhelmingly on April 26-29 for Nelson Mandela's African National Congress (ANC). 
Taiwanese police Saturday smashed a major drugs ring when they arrested seven people suspected of smuggling 150 kilograms of heroin worth 188.6 million US dollars into the country.  The seven -- five Taiwanese and two Singaporeans -- are accused of trafficking in heroin they brought into Taiwan from Thailand, police said. 
India's central bank on Saturday kept interest rates unchanged but cut commercial banks' lendable resources, in a bid to fight double-digit inflation.  "It is a tight monetary policy," Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Chakravarthy Rangarajan told reporters here after announcing monetary and credit policy for the first half of fiscal 1994-95, which began in April. 
French bank Credit Lyonnais intends to make Asia a priority region for expansion, its president Michel Renault, said here Saturday.  Renault, who is on a visit to China and Vietnam, said: "We want to develop the volume of our operations here." The Credit Lyonnais president said his firm wanted to challenge commercial and merchant banks. 
The IAEA said Saturday that North Korea had "begun preparations" for changing fuel rods at a controversial nuclear reactor and warned that inspectors would cut short a visit if the operation had reached a "critical stage."  The inspectors are due to leave Vienna for Pyongyang on Sunday in order to be Tuesday at the Yongbyong nuclear complex, 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Pyongyang, International Atomic Energy Agency spokesman David Kyd said Saturday. 
The Bosnian Moslem government and Bosnian Croat representatives Saturday marked their agreement to set up a federation in Bosnia- Hercegovina with a ceremony in the presence of US Secretary of State Warren Christopher.  Also present at the ceremony in the US embassy in Geneva, and representing the government in Zagreb, was the Croatian Foreign Minister Mate Granic. 
Deadly errors that led to a string of fatal air crashes have plagued the US armed forces even as the Pentagon prepares to release results of an inquiry into one of its most embarrassing blunders, the downing of two US helicopters in northern Iraq by US fighters.  Twenty-six people died during an April 14 international protection force mission when US air-to-air missiles slammed into two Blackhawk helicopters flying across the Kurdish zone of Iraq. 
Passengers travelling South African Airways (SAA) will face a barrage of greetings in at least four languages, in keeping with the new South Africa, the national carrier said in a statement Saturday.  In the bad old days of apartheid South Africa, travellers on SAA were addressed in two languages, Afrikaans first and then English. 
A battle raged Saturday between rival army units in the strategic region of Daleh as hopes faded for Arab League mediators to secure a ceasefire in Yemen's civil war.  The north, rejecting a southern ceasefire plan, said troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh also captured the town of Al-Musaymir, northwest of the south's stronghold of Aden. 
Police blocked off the Georgian capital Tbilisi Saturday as parliament debated a controversial peace accord with the separatist republic of Abkhazia.  Some 7,000 police were in the streets as well as blocking entry and exit to the city, an interior ministry spokesman said. Interior Minister Shota Kviraia directed the "anti-crime" operation personally, he added. 
French film hearthrob Alain Delon, 58, has had an operation for a hernia, his film producer friend Norbert Saada said Saturday.  Delon, whose screen career spans more than three decades, starred in films including "Is Paris burning" in 1965, and more recently "Un Amour de Swann" in 1984. 
Russian orthodox church Patriarch Aleksy II arrived from Moscow on Saturday with a delegation of church officials for a five-day official visit to the former Yugoslavia.  "I hope to meet all parties to the conflict in this region and wish to see a quick end to the blood-letting and suffering of innocent people," he said on landing. 
The IAEA said Saturday that North Korea had "begun preparations" for changing fuel rods at a controversial nuclear reactor and warned that inspectors would cut short a visit if the operation had reached a "critical stage."  The inspectors are due to leave Vienna for Pyongyang on Sunday in order to be Tuesday at the Yongbyong nuclear complex, 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Pyongyang, International Atomic Energy Agency spokesman David Kyd said Saturday. 
Black rival political groups buried the hatchet Saturday at the Western Areas gold mine outside Johannesburg, where seven miners have died in clashes in the past month, owners Johannesburg Consolidated Industries (JCI) said.  JCI chief Kennedy Maxwell, quoted in the daily Citizen, said management-led talks produced an agreement on a code of conduct, the setting up of a committee of inquiry into the incidents and security arrangements acceptable to all. 
Thousands of tribesmen have poured into the north western Pakistani town of Malakand to press demands for the enforcement of Islamic law in the region, witnesses said Saturday.  Reciting Koranic verses and chanting slogans they started a sit-in which they said would not end until President Farooq Ahmed Leghari announced the enforcement of Sharia (Islamic) laws in the tribal district of the North West Frontier Province. 
Former Palestinian prisoners toured the empty Israeli jail here Saturday as their new police force met local dignitaries on the first full day of deployment in Jericho.  Apart than mounting joint patrols with Israeli border troops outside the town, there was little active duty for the police. And with administrative offices closed, a holiday atmosphere took hold of the West Bank town. 
The media here blasted the British government Saturday for refusing to comment on the alleged bugging of the Iranian embassy in London, saying its silence acted as proof of the "act of espionage."  Tehran said Wednesday that a listening device had been found inside a wall at the Iranian embassy in London about two weeks ago. Britain has refused to comment on the affair. 
North Korea said Saturday it had begun changing fuel rods on a controversial nuclear reactor before the arrival of International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors.  "As is known, the replacement of fuel rods has begun at our five- megawatt experimental nuclear power station according to its operation plan," a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman said. 
A hand grenade was lobbed into the courtyard of a Shiite mosque in Karachi on Saturday in an attack police said appeared to be linked to friction between rival Moslem groups.  No-one was reported injured, but officials said security had been tightened to prevent an outbreak of new sectarian violence. 
The director of Madrid's Prado museum, Francisco Calvo Serraller, announced Saturday he was resigning over a dispute with Culture Minister Carmen Alborch on the commercial use of a gallery.  Calvo Serraller, 46, made the announcement in a letter published by the daily El Pais. He had been museum director since October 22 last year. 
Formula One driver Karl Wendlinger remains stable after his crash on Thursday, with doctors now encouraged by the Austrian's condition here Saturday.  Wendlinger crashed during a practice session for Sunday's Monaco Grand Prix and is currently in a deep coma, with swelling around the brain. 
The Jewish community and the press on Saturday united in denouncing the police for incompetence in their handling of a racist-inspired manhunt in the east German town of Magdeburg.  "I do not understand how this could have happened. It is a scandal that the police did not manage to protect these people," the president of the central council of Jews in German, Ignatz Bubis, told the daily Express in an interview. 
Canada's Paul Tracy, among the Indianapolis 500 pole favorites, was declared medically unfit to drive here in Saturday's time trials.  Tracy suffered concussion and a bruised left foot in a practice crash on Friday and spent the night at Methodist Hospital. 
Thailand's Rattanapol Sor Vorapin retained his International Boxing Federation straw-weight title on Saturday after knocking out challenger Roger Espanola.  Rattanapol floored the ninth-ranked Filipino in the sixth round of the scheduled 12-round bout in the central Thai province of Saraburi. 
North Korea said Saturday it had begun refuelling a controversial nuclear reactor before the arrival of inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).  "The replacement of fuel rods has begun at our five-megawatt experimental nuclear power station according to its operational plan," a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman told the official Korean Central News Agency. 
Troops loyal to Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh have captured the key town of Daleh, north of Aden, after several days of fierce fighting, correspondents said Saturday.  Local and foreign journalists taken to Daleh, which lies 90 kilometres (55 miles) from the southern stronghold of Aden, confirmed it was held by northern troops. 
Russian director Andrei Konchalovsky said Saturday he wanted to show ordinary Russians' struggle to come to terms with post-Soviet capitalism in his entry for the coveted Golden Palm award at the Cannes Film Festival.  Konchalovsky, presenting "Kurochka Riaba" (Riaba My Chicken) ahead of its premiere here later Saturday, said the film reflected the widespread crisis created by the switch to a market economy after 70 years of communism. 
German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel on Saturday called on European Union states to offer economic aid to Croatia and speed up moves to seal an association treaty with the former Yugoslav republic.  Efforts to secure peace in the war-torn Balkans should be rewarded, Kinkel added, an apparent reference to Croatia's role in persuading its Bosnian Croat allies to form a federation with Moslems in neighbouring Bosnia-Hercegovina. 
English football legend Bobby Charlton could become national coach to Sierra Leone, according to the sports minister of the west African state, Charles Mbayo.  Mbayo announced on Saturday he had sacked all the coaching staff of the national squad "with immediate effect", following their first round elimination from the African Nations Cup finals in Tunisia during March. 
Roy Plunkett, the chemist who invented Teflon, died Thursday at his home in Texas. He was 83.  Plunkett discovered the material in 1938 when he was working for DuPont. 
Germany's Michael Schumacher will start from the front in Sunday's Monaco Grand Prix, although the race remains overshadowed by the crash involving Karl Wendlinger.  The Austrian is in a deep coma after Thursday's smash, the latest nightmare faced by Formula One after the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the San Marino Grand Prix two weeks ago. 
Troops loyal to Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh have captured the key town of Daleh, north of Aden, after several days of fierce fighting, correspondents said Saturday.  Local and foreign journalists taken to Daleh, which lies 90 kilometres (55 miles) from the southern stronghold of Aden, confirmed it was held by northern troops. 
Two cargo ships, each carrying around 20 crew, collided Saturday in the English Channel and one of the vessels was on the point of sinking in seas off Dover, British coast-guards said.  Three helicopters and rescue vessels were on the way to the scene. 
Switzerland's Tony Rominger won his sixth stage in the Tour of Spain here on Saturday, all but guaranteeing a record-breaking hat-trick of wins in the event.  The 1992 and 1993 winner, who has led this year's race since the opening time trial, triumphed again in a 53km solo ride against the clock. 
England's FA Cup final between Chelsea and Manchester United here on Saturday remained goalless at half-time in a typically super-charged, yet scrappy match.  Denmark's Jakob Kjeldbjerg nearly stole the limelight in this most prestigious sporting fixture in the English calendar. 
White House officials dimissed reports that President Bill Clinton and Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds were to discuss Northern Ireland here on Saturday.  Clinton had invited Reynolds, who is in the United States on a trade trip, to join him but officials insisted there would be no talks. 
Two Asian cargo ships, each carrying around 20 crew, collided Saturday in the English Channel and one of the vessels was on the point of sinking off Dover, British coastguards said.  Three helicopters, including one from the French coastguard, and rescue vessels were on the way to the scene of the collision, which occurred at 2:30 p.m. (1330 GMT). 
Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic denounced Saturday as "unacceptable" western calls for a four-month ceasefire throughout Bosnia.  "We think that is too long. (A) two month (ceasefire) would suffice to find a political solution," Izetbegovic told journalists here. 
Croatian President Franjo Tudjman warned world leaders Saturday against accepting the current territorial division in Bosnia, and linked settlement of that war with resolution of Zagreb's breakaway Serb problem.  In a letter to his US counterpart Bill Clinton, Tudjman said that "any freezing of the present situation and any delay in finding a solution will only prolong the people's agony and threaten peace in a large part of Europe." 
A joint Palestinian-Israeli patrol stopped extremists from the banned racist Kach movement from praying in Jericho's synagogue overnight, Israeli military sources said Saturday.  The Kach members tried to slip into the Shalom al Israel synagogue under cover of darkness across fields around the building. 
Pope John Paul II is now walking on crutches and should be able to leave hospital at the end of next week after breaking his right thigh on May 5, a Vatican spokesman said Saturday.  "At that time, he should be down to one crutch," the spokesman said. 
Eric Cantona's penalty put Manchester United 1-0 up in the English FA Cup final against Chelsea in the 61st minute here on Saturday.  mo94 
Saudi riot police took up positions around the Iranian pilgrims camp at Mecca Saturday where a political rally is due to be held despite a Saudi ban, the official agency IRNA said.  Three days ahead of Tuesday's planned anti-US and anti-Israel demonstrations, police were deployed on both sides of the entrance to the camp, while about 10 police cars and armoured vehicles were stationed in the streets opposite, the agency said. 
Record-breaking Michael Schumacher overcame his fears to push himself to the limit here on Saturday and grab pole position for the Monaco Grand Prix.  But the race is still sure to be overshadowed by Thursday's crash involving Karl Wendlinger. 
American John David Jackson was stripped of his WBA middleweight world crown here on Saturday for fighting a bout without official permission.  WBA committee president Elias Cordova said the title was now vacant and would go to the winner of a fight between American Beggie Johnson and Jorge Castro of Argentina. 
North Korea, threatening to reignite an international row Saturday, said it had begun refuelling a controversial nuclear reactor without international inspectors who want to test if material has been diverted for atomic weapons.  "The replacement of fuel rods has begun at our five-megawatt experimental nuclear power station according to its operational plan," a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman told the official Korean Central News Agency monitored in Tokyo. 
In a decision that could mark a turning point in sexual abuse trials, a jury ruled therapists altered the memory of their patient and falsely cultivated visions of her father raping her.  The Friday ruling challenges the strength in court of so-called recovered memories and supports the right of third parties to sue therapists. 
Result in the FA Cup final at Wembley stadium on Saturday  Manchester United 4 (Cantona 61pen, 66pen, Hughes 68, McClair 92) Chelsea 0     mo94 
Manchester United clinched the League and FA Cup double here on Saturday to confirm their status as one of the greatest teams in English history.  Two penalties from Frenchman Eric Cantona and another strike by Welshman Mark Hughes set up a United 4-0 cup triumph against Chelsea at Wembley. 
A direct air service is to start between Burma and Vietnam "at the earliest posible date," a statement issued said here Saturday, at the end of a three-day visit by Vietnamese Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet.  Agreements on the establishment of a joint commission for bilateral cooperation and on trade and tourism were also signed during Kiet's official visit, the joint statement said. 
Comedienne and television star Roseanne Arnold filed a second time for divorce from husband Tom Arnold, a rerun of last month's filing.  Last time she accused her husband of beating her, but Friday she cited irreconcilable differences. Last time Tom Arnold said the two would reconcile. This time he had no comment. 
Moscow is to propose its own accord with NATO extending beyond the Atlantic alliance's Partnership for Peace programme to reflect Russia's status, Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev indicated Saturday.  The NATO partnership programme, which offers former Warsaw Pact countries closer military cooperation but stops short of giving them full alliance membership, was "very abstract and provisional" and "not altogether sufficient" for Russia's needs, said Kozyrev, cited by the Interfax news agency. 
Boris Becker moved into only the fourth clay-court final of a career dominated by grass and hardcourts Saturday as he ousted Ivan Ivanisevic 6-2, 7-6 (7/5) at the Italian Open.  The triple Wimbledon winner gained a dose of confidence on clay in time for the start of the French Open in just over a week with his one hour, 37-minute victory. 
Ugandans living on the shores of Lake Victoria have embarked on a major grave digging effort to bury thousands of corpses that continue to flow into the lake from Rwanda though the River Kagera.  Health officials warned Saturday that unless the mass burials were expedited, expidemics could break out, especialy in the western districts of Masaka and Rakai, where mutilated, decomposing bodies continue to flood in from the ethnic massacres in neighbouring Rwanda. 
About 100 employees of fugitive real estate promoter Juergen Schneider have turned themselves in to Germany's income tax department in a bid to avoid penalties and court cases, Bild am Sonntag reports in its edition due to appear Sunday.  Frankfurt prosecutor Hildegard Becker-Toussaint said the employees had been turning themselves in all over the country since Schneider disappeared in early April owing some five billion German marks (three billion dollars) to dozens of creditor institutions. 
Steffi Graf will meet Brenda Schultz in the final of the German Open on Sunday after both players enjoyed straight set victories in glorious sunshine.  Top seed Graf, who has won the event in seven of the last eight years, defeated third seed Jana Novotna of the Czech Republic 6-2 6-3, while Schultz of Holland reached her second final of the year with a 7-6 (8/6) 6-3 upset over seventh seed Anke Huber. 
The nights may be clear and balmy on the French Riviera, but the stars have singularly failed to come out on the opening weekend of the 47th Cannes International Film Festival.  Clint Eastwood, who stole the show at the opening ceremony Thursday, has withdrawn to his retreat in the mountains behind the town, while his vice-president Catherine Deneuve has similarly headed for the hills. 
The US, western Europe and Russia have finally agreed on a joint approach to put Bosnian peace efforts back on track, but failed Saturday to win anything other than criticism from the warring parties.  The peace-plan endorsed by the US and Russia and five west European states in Geneva late Friday would provide 51 percent of Bosnia- Hercegovina to a Croat-Moslem federation and 49 percent to Serbs. 
Helicopters winched the 21 crew members of a sinking Taiwanese container vessel to a nearby ship in the channel Saturday after a collision in thick fog, the French maritime emergency centre here reported.  The second vessel involved in the collision, the refrigerated vessel Ariake, was taken under tow by the merchant vessel Aberthauw toward Britain. 
Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds briefed President Bill Clinton here Saturday on Northern Ireland during a private meeting said a White House official.  Earlier officials had insisted the two leaders would not get together but later admitted they had talked for about 15 minutes. 
Boris Becker and Pete Sampras face an Italian Open final showdown after surprising their critics with clay-court successes here on Saturday.  The duo, who have claimed just one title on the surface between them, both eased through their semi-finals in straight sets. 
Britain's opposition Labour Party, united in grief over the sudden death of leader John Smith, is however expected to waste no time naming a successor tipped to win the next election, analysts said Saturday.  Officially, the party has thus far refused to speculate on the likely outcome of a leadership contest, with party chairman David Blunkett calling Saturday on the press to allow the movement a few days' grace to mourn Smith, who died of a heart attack Thursday. 
Southern leaders appealed to the Arab world Saturday for help in ending Yemen's 10-day-old civil war after troops loyal to Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh seized the strategic town of Daleh.  Thousands of people mainly women, children and the elderly, demonstrated in Aden, calling for an immediate end to the fighting, an AFP correspondent reported. 
Twelve people were massacred by gunmen armed with AK47 assault rifles in Tokoza black township east of here late Friday, police said Saturday.  Police spokeswoman Janine Smith told the domestic news agency SAPA that the gunmen stormed a house in the township and opened fire on the occupants at 7:30 p.m. (1730 GMT). The victims were aged between 13 and 25 years-old. 
Pakistani Foreign Minister Assef Ahmed Ali said Saturday the United States no longer insisted that Islamabad roll back its nuclear programme in isolation of India.  "The US is no longer attempting to roll back Pakistan's nuclear programme on a unilateral basis," the official Associated Press of Pakistan (APP) quoted him saying at a seminar on the country's foreign policy here. 
Benetton manager Flavio Briatore, who swooped to take control of French strugglers Ligier on Friday, said he would take his time before announcing plans for his second Formula One team.  Briatore said on Saturday he would take a few days before making any announcements, adding: "My wish is to make Ligier very competitive as quickly as possible. 
Vice President Joshua Nkomo warned white Zimbabweans Saturday they would ignite a race war unless they learned the meaning of racial harmony and national unity.  In his first speech after attending the inauguration of South African President Nelson Mandela, an impassioned Nkomo said that while it was clear that all races there regarded the country as their own, Zimbabwean whites had not embraced the policy of national reconciliation preached by the government at independence in 1980. 
Malawians Saturday wound up an historic election campaign bringing multiparty politics to a country ruled for the past three decades by President Hastings Kamuzu Banda.  The ailing president inspected troops from an open truck as some 20,000 people turned up at a stadium here to celebrate his official birthday ahead of elections May 17, while around 50,000 attended an opposition rally. 
Southeast Asia's economically booming nations will consider a common approach to fight efforts by the West to link trade and workers' rights, a senior Malaysian official said Saturday.  ASEAN labour ministers will discuss "the adoption of a common approach to thwart international pressure to comply with rigid labour standards," at a two-day meeting beginning Monday in Singapore, Human Resources Minister Lim Ah Lek said here. 
Gypsies from communities spanning the European Union, Romania and the former Yugoslavia are to attend the continent's first congress in this southern Spanish city next week, officials said Saturday.  The congress, to be opened by Queen Sofia and closed by Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez, aims to draw up a European Union policy on improving integration of migrant gypsies and ending illiteracy. 
Miners returned to work at the Western Areas gold mine outside Johannesburg Saturday, where seven miners died in clashes between rival political groups in the past month, owners Johannesburg Consolidated Industries (JCI) said.  JCI said in a statement that more than 70 percent of staff had returned to work but others were continuing to demand justice following the deaths of four employees this week. 
Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi Saturday urged his supporters to work for reconciliation and peace in South Africa's violence-wracked black areas.  "Go out and break down the barriers that divide you from your political opponenents," he said in a speech at a rally in KwaZulu- Natal where his party trounced the African National Congress (ANC) in the April 26-29 election. 
North Korea, threatening to reignite an international row Saturday, said it had begun refuelling a controversial nuclear reactor without international inspectors who want to test if material has been diverted for atomic weapons.  "The replacement of fuel rods has begun at our five-megawatt experimental nuclear power station according to its operational plan," a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman told the official Korean Central News Agency, monitored in Tokyo. 
Favourites Werder Bremen lifted the German Cup here on Saturday by beating second division side Rot-Weiss 3-1.  Last year's Bundesliga champions, who finished a disappointing eighth this season, salvaged their campaign after forging 2-0 clear by the break through Dietmar Beiersdorfer (17th minute) and Austrian Andreas Herzog (38th). 
Haitian strongman Lt. General Raoul Cedras, head of the ruling military junta, warned that any US invasion of Haiti would be met with fierce resistance by all the people of the nation.  Cedras said that the whole country would rise up if President Clinton ordered US troops to invade. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Saturday on the eve of a visit to Damascus there was still a long way to go to forge a peace deal between arch enemies Israel and Syria.  Christopher, in Switzerland for talks on the former Yugoslavia, leaves for Damascus Sunday, on a shuttle between Syria and Israel set to end on May 19. 
Southern leaders appealed to the Arab world Saturday for help in ending Yemen's 10-day-old civil war after troops loyal to Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh seized the strategic town of Daleh.  Thousands of people mainly women, children and the elderly, demonstrated in Aden, calling for an immediate end to the fighting, an AFP correspondent reported. 
Scottish champions Rangers failed to serve up a champagne finish here on Saturday after being held to a goalless stalemate by Dundee.  Rangers, without a win for four games before Saturday's encounter, had hoped to celebrate by thrashing their relegated opponents. 
Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi -- now a minister in South Africa's new government -- Saturday urged his supporters to work for reconciliation and peace with their political foes.  "Go out and break down the barriers that divide you from your political opponents," he said in a speech at a rally in KwaZulu-Natal, where his party trounced the African National Congress (ANC) in the April 26-29 election. 
A supporter of double winners Manchester United was seriously injured by a missile at the end of United's FA Cup final victory over Chelsea at Wembley on Saturday.  A Scotland Yard spokesman confirmed the news, and added: "There is a suggestion that he could lose an eye." 
The UN mission here hit out Saturday at United Nations Security Council delays in deploying fresh troops in Rwanda, as the corpses of thousands of victims of the country's ethnic bloodbath surfaced in neighbouring Uganda.  "A single day's delay is one day too much," said Moctar Gueye, a spokesman for the United Nations Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) in the capital. 
Queensland became the Super 10 rugby union champions with a convincing 21-10 victory Natal at Kings Park here on Saturday.  But they were forced to pay a heavy price, with Australian international centre pairing Tim Horan and Jason Little (knee injuries) and Wallaby flanker Illie Tabua (ribs) all forced off the field. 
Federal Police narcotics agents seized 300 kilos (660 pounds) of marijuana and 60 cases of heavy arms munitions during a roadside raid, said police Saturday.  Authorities found the contraband Friday hidden in the rear of a truck stopped at a fueling station some 30 kilometers (19 miles) from the center of Rio. 
New Zealand produced a dismal showing against Middlesex at Lord's on Saturday to fall to 100 for nine, though rain saved them as the match was drawn.  Manager Geoff Howarth once again criticised his batsmen for their second hopeless showing against the English county champions in the same week. 
Al Unser Jnr overcame a slow first lap to capture the early pole position for the 78th Indianapolis 500 here Saturday.  Unser, the 1992 Indy 500 champion, completed a four-lap qualifying run on the 2.5-mile (4km) oval at 228.011 mph (364.817 km/h) to lead 13 qualifiers before rain halted time trials after two hours. 
Al Unser Jnr overcame a slow first lap to capture the early pole position for the 78th Indianapolis 500 here Saturday.  Unser, the 1992 Indy 500 champion, completed a four-lap qualifying run on the 2.5-mile (4km) oval at 228.011 mph (364.817 km/h) to lead 13 qualifiers before rain halted time trials after two hours. 
Some 300 people demonstrated against racism in this east German town Saturday after a rampage against Africans on Thursday, and some 200 demonstrated in Berlin.  The demonstrations were calm. 
Georgian and Abkhazian authorities signed an agreement Saturday on a ceasefire and deployment of an intervention force in the troubled separarist republic, the Russian foreign ministry said.  The accord, signed by both sides under mediation from Moscow, would "prevent the resumption of military action and facilitate the return of (Georgian) refugees to their homes," the ITAR-TASS agency quoted the ministry as saying. 
A compromise over Formula One safety measures could be on the cards after the sport's teams and drivers met here on Saturday.  World governing body FIA announced sweeping changes following the deaths of Roland Ratzenberger and Ayrton Senna at the San Marino grand prix and the accident here which left Austrian Karl Wendlinger in a coma. 
Paris and London pursued a flurry of diplomatic activity Saturday to defuse a major row between the French government and British carriers over landing rights at the capital's Orly airport.  Both countries' transport ministers were in regular contact by telephone Friday and Saturday in search of a solution to the "sky wars" standoff sparked after Paris refused to allow three carriers headed by British Airways (BA) to start a service from London to Orly from next Monday, according to a spokesman in London. 
Twelve people were massacred by gunmen in Tokoza black township east of here late Friday, in the most violent incident since South Africa's first non-racial election last month.  The gunmen, armed with AK-47 assault rifles, stormed a house and opened fire on the occupants, killing 12, police spokeswoman Janine Smith told the domestic news agency SAPA. The victims were aged between 13 and 25. 
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres is to meet PLO leader Yasser Arafat in Oslo in the coming week, Israeli state television said Saturday.  The two men have been invited by the Norwegian government to take part in a ceremony marking the secret negotiations held between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organisation in Oslo in early 1993 which eventually led to the accord on Palestinian self-rule in Gaza and Jericho. 
Former spokeswoman for the PLO's negotiating team Hanan Ashrawi has refused to participate in the 24-strong Palestinan Authority for Gaza and Jericho, Israeli television said late Saturday.  According to the television, she has told Palestine Liberation Organisation leader Yasser Arafat that she would prefer to retain her duties as head of an organisation to defend civil rights in the occupied territories rather than be a member of the new self-rule authority. 
Syrian President Hafez al-Assad persuaded Lebanese Prime Minister Rafic Hariri to resume his duties after a week-long boycott of government meetings in a row over a planned cabinet reshuffle, a source close to the premier said Saturday.  Hariri froze his duties last Sunday, angry that plans to increase the number of Christians in his cabinet had been blocked by President Elias Hraoui. 
Auxerre, inspired by striker Gerard Baticle, clinched their first major honour of the club's history as they thrashed Montpellier 3-0 in the French Cup final here on Saturday.  Guy Roux's side, whose only brush with glory came in a losing cup final appearance in 1979, were always in control, with Baticle scoring the crucial second and setting up the other two goals. 
The militant Islamic group Jamaa Islamiyya said Saturday it had shot dead three policemen and wounded a fourth in the Asyut region, a fundamentalist stronghold in southern Egypt.  A statement sent to AFP from the group's armed wing said that Friday's two attacks were "part of a series planned to revenge the murder" on April 25 of Talaat Yassin, the organisation's military leader. 
Rescuers struggled late Saturday to salvage a cargo of dangerous acids from the English Channel lost from a sinking container vessel after it collided with another ship, maritime officials said.  The Ming Fortune, of Taiwan, lost several of its containers overboard after colliding with the refrigeration vessel Ariake, the French maritime emergency centre here reported. 
Former Formula One flop Michael Andretti backed FIA's decision to go ahead with Sunday's Monaco grand prix following Karl Wendlinger's horror crash and the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger.  Andretti, who quit McLaren after less than one season after failing to repeat his IndyCar success in Formula One, said in the run-up to the Indianapolis 500 here: "To cancel one race, what would that accomplish? Karl Wendlinger wouldn't want the race cancelled if he was on the other side of it. 
Jaguar Cars Limited have filed a lawsuit against the National Football League claiming the new Jacksonville Jaguars team logo is too similar to the automobile maker's pouncing cat.  The suit, filed in US District Court in New York, charges the NFL violated trademark laws when they developed the logo. 
Barcelona were crowned Spanish champions here on Saturday for the fourth season in a row after beating Sevilla 5-2.  That gave them 56 points to draw alongside Deportivo La Coruna, who could only draw 0-0 with Valencia. Barcelona won the title because they scored 3 goals to 1 in the clubs' two meetings this season. 
The Moslem-dominated Bosnian army has captured a strategic hill northwest of Tuzla after a three-day battle against Serb forces, the Nordic Battalion of the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) reported Saturday.  The situation was calm Saturday, Major Thomas Aersson told AFP from Tuzla, a major government-held town in the north. He said the hill was near Mount Ozren. 
Houdini artists Barcelona pulled off yet another miracle escape here on Saturday to win their fourth Spanish league title in a row.  Johan Cruyff's side, who are also in the European Cup final, have now won their last three championships on the final day of the Spanish season. 
But Cruyff will be determined to go one better by beating AC Milan of Italy in the European Cup on Wednesday, May 18 and repeat the club's 1992 success in Europe's premier club competition. 
Derek Harper of the New York Knicks was suspended for two games and Chicago's Jo Jo English for one for their parts in a bench clearing brawl in the National Basketball Association playoffs Friday night.  In addition, Harper was fined 15,000 dollars and English was fined 10,000 dollars. Seven other Knicks and eight other Bulls were fined 2,500 dollars apiece for leaving their benches. 
Zimbabwe's Mark McNulty clung on to the lead in the Spanish Open here in stormy conditions after surviving a 36-hole endurance test and a two-pronged attack from Colin Montgomeries and Mark Roe.  The 40-year-old McNulty, finishing off a morning 69 to lead after a weather-interupted second round, then added a 70 to get to 207, while European number one Montgomerie shot a best-of-the-week 66. 
Hideshi Matsuda spent the past two years watching the Indianapolis 500 as a Japanese television commentator.  Now he's part of the show. 
The highest US military decoration will be awarded to two soldiers killed in Somalia last year, President Bill Clinton said Saturday.  Sergeants Gary Gordon and Randall Shughart will be posthumously decorated with the Medal of Honor during a White House ceremony May 23 -- the first time the medal will have been awarded since the Vietnam War. 
Racial prejudice and dire predictions about floods of refugees from neighboring Haiti have become major themes in the closing hours of the Dominican Republic's presidential elections.  In a final push before Monday's elections, President Joaquin Balaguer is trumpeting his own birth in the Dominican Republic and portraying his black opponent, Jose Francisco Pena Gomez, as a voodoo practitioner. 
Honda's new Indy-car engine proved uncompetitive during Indianapolis 500 qualifying Saturday, prompting complaints from drivers using the Japanese-made motors.  "I'm coming back here next year with tried and true," vowed Bobby Rahal, who along with Mike Groff were the two slowest of 13 qualifiers for the May 29 race. 
The European Union (EU) is trying to overcome final hitches to ambitious trade, cooperation and partnership agreements with Russia and Ukraine, European diplomats said at the weekend.  They were speaking ahead of a meeting of EU foreign ministers here Monday which could endorse the accord with Russia and agree on the formal signing of a similar deal with Ukraine which was initialled in March. 
Helen Lee Mei, a leading lady in Hong Kong's film industry during the 1950s and 1960s, has died at age 63.  She died Thursday of cancer and pulmonary disease in Portland, Oregon. 
President Bill Clinton invoked the memories of two slain civil rights leaders Saturday in a call for an end to the crime and violence that is horrifying Americans.  Standing on the spot where the late Senator Robert Kennedy appealed to a crowd for calm and understanding on the night of black activist Martin Luther King's assassination in 1968, Clinton addressed a ground-breaking ceremony for a monument to the two slain activists and called for reconciliation. 
The Utah Jazz outlasted the upstart Denver Nuggets 111-109 in overtime Saturday to take a 3-0 lead in their best-of-seven National Basketball Association playoffs second-round series.  The Nuggets, the youngest team in the NBA, are now one game away from elimination in a series no one expected them to reach in the first place, but it took crucial overtime baskets from Utah's Jeff Hornacek and John Stockton to give the Jazz the win. 
Western and Russian diplomats shunned a planned signing ceremony Saturday for a Bosnian Moslem-Croat federation because they were angry about extra land being demanded by the two groups, Croatian newspapers said Sunday.  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher, who presided at a celebration in Geneva to mark the US-brokered project, said a formal ceremony had been dropped as superfluous as a document had already been signed in Vienna in March. 
Yemen faces a bleak future with the civil war set to aggravate its already severe economic difficulties, diplomats said Saturday.  The civil war broke out at a time when the country was already grappling with large debt and persistent deficits in its budget and balance of payments, one diplomat said. 
About 3.8 million Malawians will elect a new president and 177 legislators Tuesday to end three decades of one-party and strongman rule of President Hastings Kamuzu Banda.  "It will be the big acid test for Banda and his ruling Malawi Congress Party" (MCP), a Blantyre voter said. 
England's Laura Davies carded a two-under-par 69 here Saturday to snatch a share of the third-round lead in the LPGA Championship, level with Meg Mallon on 211.  Davies, the top money-winner on the women's tour this season, jumped from fourth place to the top of the leaderboard, assisted by Mallon's bogeys at 13 and 15. 
A strange first day of Indianapolis 500 time trials ended with a rookie on the front row, a woman in the second and a top pole contender waiting to drive.  Al Unser Jnr won a provisional pole for the May 29 race in time trials here Saturday, but reigning champion and practice speed leader Emerson Fittipaldi can still topple his Penske teammate. 
The center-left Party of Brazilian Social Democracy on Saturday named Senator Fernando Henrique Cardoso its candidate for the October presidential elections.  Cardoso, a former treasury secretary, is the closest rival to frontrunner Luis Inacio "Lula" da Silva of the leftist Workers' Party, according to a recent poll. Seventeen percent of those surveyed said they would vote for him, compared with 41 percent for "Lula." 
A Chicago man who does not think executing serial killer John Wayne Gacy sent enough of a message has spent about 20,000 dollars on the murderer's paintings simply in order to burn them.  "We want them wiped off the map," said Joe Roth, a businessman who bought more than two dozen of the 40 paintings auctioned off shortly before Tuesday's execution. 
Three Australian drag queens caused a sensation here late Saturday in the premiere of a film which brought immediate comparisons to the surprise 1992 sensation "Strictly Ballroom."  The five-minute standing ovation accorded to the late-night screening of "The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" far exceeded that of any other movie so far screened at the 47th Cannes International Film Festival. 
A tornado and thunderstorms stopped play in the second round of the Byron Nelson Classic Saturday afternoon as organizers struggled to get the weather-disrupted event back on track.  Ben Crenshaw, David Ogrin, Mark Carnevale and Brad Bryant were all at eight-under-par when play was abandoned for the day. 
Prince Charles is to start a historic three-day visit to the old imperial Russian capital Saint Petersburg Monday, the first royal British appearance there in a century.  He is going for practical reasons -- the heir to the British throne is leading a delegation of his Business Leaders' Forum, launched 10 years ago to support private entreprise, which is providing assistance to the city. 
Uzbek President Islam Karimov is to make an official four-day visit Monday to what he has described as the "incredible, fairytale land" of Japan, to drum up investment for his struggling central Asian country.  Business ties between the two countries are very weak, with trade last year reaching 30 million dollars. This consisted mainly of Uzbek cotton and gas exports and Japanese imports of high-tech goods such as computers. 
Vietnam is planning to spend 1.8 billion dollars to upgrade Ho Chi Minh City's airport into one of the largest in the region, capable of handling 50 million passengers a year, a report said Sunday.  Teams from the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation Department have completed a feasibility study into plans for Tan Son Nhat airport, once the busiest in Southeast Asia when it served as the main airbase for US forces in Vietnam before 1975, the Vietnam Investment Review said. 
Queen Beatrix formally has appointed three party officials to negotiate a broad coalition government for the Netherlands, thrown into political turmoil after this month's general election.  The negotiators will be Klaus de Vries for the Social Democrats (PVDA), Gijs van Aardenne for the right-wing Liberal Democrats (VVD) and Jan Vis for the left-wing Democrats '66 (D66). 
An Arab League delegation visiting Yemen to mediate between the warring north and south was finally received by President Ali Abdallah Saleh's office, radio Sanaa announced late Saturday in a report monitored by the BBC.  The delegation had been waiting since Thursday to deliver a call by the League's General Secretary Esmat Abdel Meguid for an immediate ceasefire and return to talks to "safeguard unity" of the country, the radio said. 
Labour leaders, supported by academics and some politicians here, say Hong Kong workers are being made to pay the price for economic integration with China even ahead of the 1997 changeover of sovereignty.  They say moves to increase the number of mainland Chinese working in the territory will increase unemployment and, inevitably, drive down wages. 
When China's first stock markets opened for business in Shanghai and Shenzhen three years ago or so, it was a case of too much money chasing too few stocks. Now, it's the other way around.  With interest rates and inflation tracking upwards, turnover on China's fledgling bourses has been meager at best this year, and Hong Kong analysts see slim prospects for real recovery in the coming months. 
Tiana Thanh Nga, an American film-maker from Vietnam, has come to preview her autobiographical film "From Hollywood to Hanoi," -- a vibrant but controversial plea for reconciliation among all Vietnamese.  Her documentary was shown Friday in Hanoi before a very select audience, including film-makers, cultural ministry officials and famous figures such as General Vo Nguyen Giap and former foreign minister Nguyen Co Thach. 
A two-day orgy of anti-Tibetan violence has shattered the tranquility of this northern Indian town, where the Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, has lived in exile for nearly 35 years.  Tibetan homes, shops, schools and monasteries still bear the scars of last month's rampage by scores of Indian youths enraged by the death of a local boy in a knife fight with a Tibetan. 
Authorities in Ho Chi Minh City are to tighten rules on foreigners registering with the police as part of a clampdown on foreign residents in the southern city, according to a report seen here Sunday.  All foreigners, including overseas Vietnamese, with have to register with the immigration authorities and police, and hotel owners will be responsible for reporting all guests, the Saigon Giai Phong newspaper said in its Saturday edition. 
Beijing warned Washington Sunday that it could not afford to overlook China's global importance by maintaining its "out of date" policy of attaching conditions to renewal of preferential trade terms.  Just weeks before the deadline for US President Bill Clinton to decide whether to renew China's most favoured nation (MFN) status, foreign trade ministry official Zhou Shijian emphasised how much withdrawal would cost Washington in both economic and geopolitical terms. 
China said Sunday its new foreign trade law had established a transparent and uniform national system in line with the two basic demands of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT).  In addition to standardising policy, the long-awaited law, which was passed last week, requires that any management of foreign trade be carried out in line with rules set by GATT, which China is seeking to rejoin, the China Daily Business Weekly reported. 
The French Coflexip Group is to build a 55-million dollar (40 million US) production plant at Fremantle near here to supply the international oil and gas industry, the government announced Sunday.  Under a deal signed in Paris by West Australian state premier Richard Court and Coflexip directors, an 8.5-million dollar government assistance package will be provided for the plant. 
The nominal leader of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge guerrillas, Khieu Samphan, called Sunday for nation-wide resistance to proposals that western nations should arm Phnom Penh government forces.  In a broadcast monitored in Bangkok, Khmer Rouge radio carried an appeal by Khieu Samphan for "all Khmer residents in rural areas, towns and provinces as well as abroad ... to defeat the western (arms) plan." 
China will overtake Japan to become the world's biggest steel producer this year, but out-dated technology and poor efficiency will prevent the country becoming a "steel power," a report said Sunday.  Annual output is forecast to jump 5.7 percent over 1993 to 93 million tonnes, enabling China to achieve a target set in the early days of the communist rule, the China Daily Business Weekly said. 
Pro-democracy movements converged on central Bangkok Sunday to mark the second anniversary of a May uprising which brought down Thailand's last military-backed regime.  Prime Minister Chuan Leekpai led a wreath-laying ceremony at the Democracy Monument, a center of pro-democracy protests in May 1992 which degenerated into bloody clashes between security forces and demonstrators. 
Sinsegi Mobile Telecom, the consortium building South Korea's second mobile-phone network, has decided to reoffer a share of the lucrative project rejected by GTE, according to a statement published Sunday.  The statement was issued Saturday after GTE Corp. rejected the consortium's proposal to submit a letter of consent by Friday for its four percent stake. 
Several dozen hardline settlers would pray at the ancient Jewish synagogue in Jericho on Sunday under the protection of the new Palestinian police, far-right Israeli MP Hanan Porat said.  "Jewish believers will go to the synagogue in coordination with the Israeli army," said Porat of the National Religious Party. 
Iranian pilgrims in Mecca will stage a political rally in Mecca on Tuesday despite a Saudi ban, the head of the Iranian pilgrimage delegation Mohammad Mohammadi Reyshahri said Sunday.  Reyshahri, quoted by the official Iranian news agency IRNA, told a group of pilgrims that holding the "deliverance from the infidels" rally was a "religious must" and urged everyone to participate. 
The ex-PLO peace talks spokeswoman Hanan Ashrawi explained Sunday she had turned down a job on the new Palestinan Authority not out of opposition but to focus on a human rights groups she has set up.  "I'm not turning away from responsibility ... I'm working on something which I believe is important," she told AFP. 
Police have seized 5,000 bottles of alcoholic drinks in western Iran, arresting 25 people, newspapers reported here Sunday.  Those arrested were members of four alcohol distribution rings in Oshnavieh region of West Azerbaijan province, bordering Turkey, they said. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher will visit the first autonomous Palestinian enclave of Jericho on Tuesday, a Palestinian leader said.  "We expect Christopher on Tuesday morning in Jericho," said Saeb Erekat, who lives in the West Bank town and has been appointed to the new Palestinian Authority which will run Jericho and the Gaza Strip. 
Nelson Mandela, South Africa's newly-installed president, plans to step down after just two years in office after overseeing the introduction of a new constitution, the Sunday Times newspaper said here.  Mandela has "privately hinted he will step down once a final constitution has been written and he has overseen the country's first steps towards reconciliation," the paper said, citing ANC insiders. 
A Supreme Court judge has been appointed to start work as soon as possible as head of a royal commission, some say is two centuries overdue, investigating corruption in Australia's oldest and biggest police force.  Attempts by New South Wales police headquarters' officers to get state Premier John Fahey to rescind the royal commission order and a warning by Police Commissioner Tony Lauer that it will waste police resources failed to stop the appointment Friday of Justice James Wood, 53. 
New Zealand Prime Minister Jim Bolger starts a two-day visit here Monday officially focused on an upcoming Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation forum but with the situation in East Timor likely to become an issue.  Bolger, who arrived Sunday in Yogyakarta, central Java, begins the official part of his visit in Jakarta Monday, the first since his predecessor David Lange in 1988. 
China is to lay a 4,000-kilometre (2,480-mile) fibre-optic cable to ease the burden on the overtaxed telephone network in the booming southeast, the China Daily Business Weekly said Sunday.  The 1.4 billion yuan (161 million dollar) cable, the longest in China, will link Hangzhou in Zhejiang province with Fuzhou in Fujian and Nanchang in Jiangxi, the report said. 
Japan's Sega Enterprises Ltd. plans to start providing video game software to homes, using cable television networks, a newspaper said Sunday.  The unique service enabling people to play computer games at home will begin in the United States this month and in Japan next month, the Asahi Shimbun newspaper said. 
Saudi Arabia has assured the Philippines of crude oil supply even in times of crisis by virtue of a 40 percent stake in the country's largest oil refiner, Petron Corp., the energy department said here Sunday.  A department statement quoted Energy Secretary Delfin Lazaro as saying that Saudi Arabia will also explore ways to expand bilateral economic cooperation in areas outside the oil sector. 
The planned sale by the Australian government of its remaining share of the national flag-carrier Qantas would definitely proceed "this year or early next year", Finance Minister Kim Beazley said Sunday.  Qantas management, which had been forced to delay Canberra's original plan to float the remaining shares this financial year rather than next, were confident the float would be ready in 1994-95, he said in a televised interview. 
South Korea expects new high-level talks between Washington and Pyongyang, despite the North's moves to start refuelling a controversial reactor without inspectors who want to test whether material has been diverted for nuclear bombs.  Officials, quoted by the press here Sunday, based their expectations on two things -- the first that only in a third round of high-level talks would the crucial question of regular and additional nuclear inspections be tackled. 
Pakistani police said Sunday they had seized 4.6 tonnes of opium and hashish in separate incidents at the weekend.  Some 4,200 kilograms (9,250 pounds) of hashish were found in secret cavities on the tanker lorry which was intercepted by police late Saturday on a highway checkpost. 
Australia may contribute up to 300 army signallers and engineers to a proposed UN force to protect refugees in Rwanda, officials said here Sunday.  But a senior Australian Defence Force official (ADF) source said it could take up to four weeks to prepare the contingent and would be a more difficult operation than Cambodia or Somalia because of the logistics involved. 
A British soldier was killed overnight by a bomb explosion near an army roadblock in Keady village in southern Ulster, near the border with the Irish Republic, police said Sunday.  The soldier died shortly after being taken to hospital. Another soldier was slightly wounded in the attack, which has not yet been claimed. 
Japan Tobacco Co., a former public corporation which went under private management in 1985, is to be listed on the stock market in October, a newspaper said Sunday.  Some 660,000 of its two million shares currently held by the government will be released on the market in October, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun said. 
The Egyptian interior ministry announced the arrest of almost 100 suspected Islamic militants in a sweep against fundamentalists who have been leading a two-year campaign to topple the government.  It said 98 people had been arrested following information received after a police raid on the home of Talaat Yassin Hammam, head of the Jamaa Islamiyya's (Islamic Group) armed wing, who was shot dead in the incident. 
The Japanese government plans to send a mission to South Africa later this month to assess ways of boosting economic assistance, a newspaper said Sunday.  The mission will identify areas where Japanese economic aid can be put to best use, the Sankei Shimbun said. 
A Taiwanese institute is to negotiate the recruitment of Chinese scientists with a mainland body this month, the United Daily News said Sunday.  Officials of the Taiwan General Research Institute (TGRI) will discuss with the Chinese International Technology and Wisdom Cooperation Company, controlled by China's National Technology Council, on cooperation and recruitment details, the newspaper said. 
Communist rebel leader Felimon Lagman said Sunday he would force corrupt police and government officials to make televised confessions, instead of killing them.  The head of the breakaway Manila-Rizal Regional Committee (MRRC) of the underground Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) explained the change of policy in an interview with the Manila Chronicle newspaper. 
Ten people were killed in Thailand when a van carrying a group of school teachers was crushed in a head-on smash with a truck, press reports said Sunday.  Nine teachers on their way to a colleagues's farewell dinner were among the dead, leaving their school in the Ubon Ratchathani province, 629 kilometers (390 miles) northeast of Bangkok, with only one teacher, the reports said. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher will this week try to persuade Syria to set up a joint military commission with Israel in a fresh bid to unblock their peace talks, a senior official said.  The secretary is expected in Jerusalem on Monday after a day in Damascus following a shuttle mission at the end of April. 
Human rights watchdog Amnesty International opened its first branch in Taiwan Sunday following an improvement in the country's individual rights.  "The formation of the branch here indicates that our protection of human rights and elimination of arrest of political prisoners have been acknolwedged by Amnesty International," Taiwan's Justice Minister Ma Ying-jeou, said at the founding ceremony here. 
Popular support for Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata's cabinet, formed late last month, stands at 40.9 percent, a Jiji Press poll showed Sunday.  It was 5.3 points lower than public support given to the cabinet of Hata's predecessor Morihiro Hosokawa shortly after he came to power last August, Jiji said. 
Nelson Mandela was taking a breather this weekend at his home village in Eastern Cape province after a hectic two week schedule that saw his inauguration as South Africa's first democratically-elected president, the Sunday Times reported.  The newspaper said that Mandela issued instructions that no one be allowed at his residence in Qunu village. 
The daughter of assassinated Sri Lankan president Ranasinghe Premadasa on Sunday demanded a fresh probe into the killing, accusing the government of failing to carry out a proper investigation.  Dulanjalee Jayakody raised doubts over the government version that the separatist Liberation Tigerts of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) used a suicide bomber to blow up Premadasa and 24 others at a May Day rally last year. 
South Africa's former government ran up huge debts of more than 60 billion rand (16.8 billion dollars) in its final year of power, the Sunday Times newspaper reported.  The money was spent on tidying up the nation's books and settling some apartheid debts. An economist warned in the report that South Africa's state debt is approaching danger levels. 
Fire-fighters brought under control Sunday a blaze at a bomb depot for Russian Pacific fleet warplanes, ITAR-TASS news agency said, following a massive explosion at the base near the far-eastern Russian port of Vladivostok.  Overnight rain helped military and civilian fire fighters beat back the flames at the base, where two armoured vehicles were pressed into service to help locate the seat of the fire, the agency said. 
Fighting between Rwandan rebels and government forces intensified Sunday in several districts of Kigali and in towns across the country, a UN spokesman in the capital said.  Abdul Kabia, a spokesman for the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) contacted by telephone from here, reported heavy clashes between the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) and government troops in the eastern and southeastern suburbs of Remera and Kicukiro. 
North Flight with Kouichi Tsunoda in the saddle led a Japanese one-two finish with Towa Darling to win the 1,600-metre (one mile) Yasuda Memorial race here Sunday.  The four-year-old bay filly got ahead in the final furlong and crossed the finishing line in one minute 33.2 seconds, two lengths and a half ahead of Towa Darling. 
Indonesia suffered only a minor hiccup as they trounced China's men's badminton team 5-0 to finish their Thomas Cup qualifying group unbeaten.  Joko Suprianto lost the first game of the opening singles against Dong Jiong on Saturday. He struggled to win the second in which there were three deuce points. But he made no more mistakes as he went on to win 11-15, 18-16, 15-5. 
Syria is willing to discuss an Israeli offer to leave the Golan Heights on condition it pledges a complete withdrawal within a "reasonable" time, the government newspaper Tishrin said on Sunday.  The remarks came as US Secretary of State Warren Christopher was expected here later in his second peace shuttle to Syria and Israel in a month to forge a peace deal between the arch enemies. 
Russia's organized crime gangs are making systematic attempts to gain control of the country's stock of 15,000 tactical nuclear warheads, a magazine report said Sunday.  In an article in the June edition of The Atlantic Monthly released Sunday, veteran political commentator Seymour Hersch said there is "powerful evidence that organized crime in the former Soviet Union has been systematically seeking access to the nuclear stockpiles with their potential for huge profit." 
The chairman of the Arab-Islamic Rally party has been murdered after being abducted, press reports said here Sunday.  Laid Grine, 49, who was also an Algiers lawyer, was found Saturday morning near Algiers with his throat cut, the reports said. 
The Japanese authorities last year deported a record 70,404 people, according to an official report released Sunday.  Deportations for violating immigration laws rose 3.8 percent from 1992. It was the first time the number has topped 70,000, said the report by the justice ministry which controls immigration offices. 
France's Jacobin Yoma kept his European Boxing Union super- featherweight title here on Saturday night after stopping British challenger Neil Haddock in the seventh round.  Haddock's corner threw in the towel after their man was comprehensively outpunched by the 28-year-old Frenchman fighting before his home crowd. The Englishman had also suffered badly from the stifling heat. 
About 30 armed Jewish settlers prayed at the ancient Jewish synagogue in Jericho on Sunday under the protection of the new Palestinian police and Israeli army, a correspondent reported.  The group led by far-right Israeli MP Hanan Porat was escorted by Israeli soldiers into the building on the edge of the town 
Rescuers resumed efforts Sunday to salvage containers lost overboard in the English Channel when a cargo ship transporting dangerous acids collided with another vessel, maritime authorities said.  A Dunkirk tug supported by French and British aircraft was due Sunday to try to salvage eight containers known to be lost from the Taiwan- registered Ming Fortune, when it collided Saturday in thick fog with the refrigeration vessel Ariake, the French maritime emergency centre here said. 
Germany's Michael Schumacher underlined why he is favourite to win the Monaco Grand Prix on Sunday, when he clocked the best time in the morning warm-up.  Schumacher's Benetton-Ford was two-tenths of a second faster than Mika Hakkinen's McLaren-Peugeot. 
Israeli forces had completed their withdrawal from all but the centre of Gaza City by Sunday as part of their redeployment from autonomous Palestinian areas, PLO officials said.  And that was expected to be evacuated by midnight Tuesday. 
Israeli forces had completed their withdrawal from all but the centre of Gaza City by Sunday as part of their redeployment for autonomous Palestinian, PLO officials said.  And that was expected to be evacuated by midnight Tuesday. 
Khmer Rouge guerillas have attacked and disabled a bridge on the outskirts of the key Cambodian town of Sisophon, a Cambodian government officer said here.  About 50 Khmer Rouge guerrillas on Saturday blew up a section of a bridge which connects Sisophon to the town of Mongkol Borey, eight kilometers (five miles) east, he said. 
World squash champion Jansher Khan said Sunday he would take part in the French Open next week despite being weakened by influenza.  "I am not yet fully recovered but I am committed to taking part in the event," he told the Associated Press of Pakistan before leaving here for Paris. 
Mohammad Taleb licked his ice-cream as he wandered with three friends through the moonlit streets of Gaza City after midnight.  Since the intifada erupted at the end of 1987, none of the quartet had been able to taste such simple nocturnal pleasures. 
A British carrier was set to fly an empty airliner into Orly airport here Sunday as the so-called "sky wars" landing rights row between Britain and France hotted up for a showdown.  Air UK said it would land an empty Fokker plane at Paris's second biggest airport around 10:10 p.m. (2010 GMT) ahead of a planned return to London with passengers early Monday. 
French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson and his British counterpart John MacGregor reached agreement Sunday on opening Paris's Orly airport to flights out of London by the end of June at the latest.  In a joint statement here, the two ministers said they would open the Orly-London link as soon as possible, and certainly "by the end of June." 
Chancellor Helmut Kohl's candidate for upcoming presidential elections in Germany, Roman Herzog, expressed concern Sunday that a recent rampage against Africans could tarnish the country's image on the international scene.  Herzog, speaking during a television interview, said last Thursday's rampage in the east German town of Magdeburg was "atrocious" and added that he was concerned the incident could spark "negative reaction on the international scene, even in countries close to Germany." 
Firemen brought under control Sunday a blaze sparked by a huge explosion at a Russian bomb depot which sent potentially lethal munitions arcing out to a radius of up to 10 kilometres (six miles), government officials said.  Some of the munitions spewed out from the centre of Saturday's blast at the isolated depot for Russian Pacific fleet warplanes could still be in danger of exploding, the Russian ministry for emergency situations said in a statement cited by the ITAR-TASS agency. 
Rival troops in Yemen's civil war squared up for a major battle for control of a key southern base near Aden Sunday, as northern leaders pressed on for a military victory over the south.  Southern troops Sunday prepared artillery defences around Markula, a mountain village about 80 kilometres (50 miles) from Aden, to block a northern advance on the huge Al-Anad military base further south. 
French and British transport ministers Bernard Bosson and John MacGregor reached agreement Sunday on opening Paris's Orly airport to British airline flights by the end of June.  In a joint statement released here, the two ministers said they would open the Orly-London link as soon as possible, and at the latest by the end of June. 
Suspected Moslem militants shot dead a policeman Sunday in the troubled Asyut region of Upper Egypt, police said.  Two gunmen opened fire on a taxi carrying policeman Mohamed Ahmed Goweid in the village of Sedfa. They then fled the scene, making off with the policeman's gun. 
A senior Taiwan official warned Sunday that restrictions on links with China could not be lifted until there was a proper and open inquiry into the killing of 24 Taiwanese tourists.  "We are not ready to remove the curbs yet," said Yeh Chin-feng, vice chairman of the cabinet-level Mainland Affairs Council (MAC), in a warning that relations risk remaining cool. 
President Nelson Mandela faces a week in which he must start plotting South Africa's future following historic all-race elections.  In charting a course for South Africa, Mandela faces an enormous task in trying to meet the expectations of the black majority, reassuring the white minority, enticing foreign investment and stamping out political violence. 
British Airways cancelled Sunday planned flights to Paris's Orly airport, averting an international showdown over landing rights minutes after France and Britain agreed to open the airport to flights out of London by the end of June.  In a joint statement released here, French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson and his British counterpart John MacGregor said they would open the Orly-London link as soon as possible, and at the latest by the end of June. 
After years of struggling with the occupying army to obtain passes to enter Israel, Gazans learned Sunday they would now have to go through the new Palestinian police first.  "Requests will have to be made in our offices for our approval and then be handed on to the Israeli army for their approval," a senior PLO official told AFP. 
UN inspectors left for North Korea Sunday amid reports that Pyongyang has gone ahead with a controversial replacement of reactor fuel rods, the International Atomic Energy Agency said.  The agency had said the inspectors would not make the trip unless the reclusive Stalinist state agreed to postpone the fuel rod replacement. But on Saturday the agency said it was not clear if the process had begun and wanted to see for itself. 
A bomb explosion Sunday at the Armenian Theatre in the Georgian capital Tbilisi killed a child and wounded around 15 other people, five seriously, the interior ministry said.  The blast occured at 1:30 p.m. (0930 GMT), half an hour before a children's show was scheduled to begin at the theatre. 
A bomb explosion Sunday at the Armenian Theatre in the Georgian capital Tbilisi killed a child and wounded around 15 other people, five seriously, the interior ministry said.  The blast occured at 1:30 p.m. (0930 GMT), half an hour before a children's show was scheduled to start at the theatre. 
Two British carriers on Sunday cancelled flights to Paris' Orly airport, averting a showdown over landing rights after France and Britain agreed to open the airport to services out of London by the end of June.  In a joint statement, French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson and his British counterpart John MacGregor said they were committed to opening the Orly-London link to air traffic "as soon as possible and at the latest by the end of June." 
Barcelona manager Johan Cruyff reckons his team cannot fail to win the European Cup after his title-winners' latest miracle in the Spanish league.  Barca, who face AC Milan in Wednesday's cup final in Athens, won their fourth consecutive championship on Saturday night -- and their third victory to be sealed on an amazing final day. 
Fighting raged Sunday between the mainly Moslem Bosnian army and Bosnian Serb troops near the northern Bosnian town of Tuzla, the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) said in a statement.  The heaviest clashes were centered on the region of Brgule, south of Tuzla, where members of the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) counted 170 explosions along the battle front Saturday. 
President Bill Clinton has learned the hard way that talking tough with Washington's major trading partners in Asia is not the way to win concessions from China or Japan.  Despite his insistence that trade is the key to boosting the domestic economy, and that Asia as the world's fastest-developing region is vital to US trade, Clinton has embroiled himself in economic disputes with both Beijing and Tokyo. 
Some 175 Somalis in a refugee camp near the southern Yemeni town of Aden have been killed in the civil war raging there, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said Sunday citing residents of the camp.  The provisional death toll, which did not include wounded casualties, was transmitted to a UNHCR representative and a Red Cross official in Yemen who both reached the camp Saturday, UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond said. 
Several people were reported killed when Khmer Rouge guerrillas attacked a bridge and an administrative building in Mongkol Borey, northwest Cambodia, a western aid official said here Sunday.  A number of people were admitted to hospital following the attack on Saturday. The number of deaths and casualties could not be confirmed by the official, in contact with Mongkol Borey by radio. 
The world market for environmentally friendly technology, presently at 200 billion dollars and growing, is attracting an increasing number of US businesses targeting Asian nations.  This sector is clearly strengthened since the first international environmental summit in Rio de Janeiro in 1992. The industry benefits from the Clinton administration, which has staked a strong interest in cleaning up the environment as well as spurring the development of "green technologies" to increase US exports. 
Thirty armed Jewish settlers prayed at the synagogue in Jericho on Sunday for the first time since Palestinian policemen were posted at the entrance.  "I didn't see any Arab policemen. They don't exist," said rabbi Mordechai Rabinovich after filing past three Palestinians in olive- green uniforms and carrying Kalshnikov assault rifles. 
The Cannes International Film Festival is not an event one normally associates with crises.  Yet, with only a few days of the world's biggest film fest gone, two of the films so far shown in competition have focussed on just that -- more crises of ideological, cultural and ultimately international proportions. 
Abu Kifah was born in Jordan but grew up dreaming of a homeland in Palestine that he knew only from the stories he heard from his parents and grandparents.  Now he still cannot believe that like hundreds of other Palestinian police who crossed into Jericho he has finally reached the land of his dreams. 
It will be remembered as the week that saw the final demise of white rule in Africa and the inauguration of one of the continents's most famous sons as South Africa's first black president.  "Let freedom reign, God bless Africa!" were the words of Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela as he assumed office in Pretoria Tuesday in front of an array of world leaders on the scale not seen since the funeral of assassinated U.S. President John Kennedy more than 30 years earlier. 
The upbeat Hungarian Socialist Party (HSP) wants a coalition government even if it wins an absolute majority in a final round of legislative voting on May 29, party leaders said Sunday.  "We would want to set up a coalition government because that would serve the country better," said party head Gyula Horn, 61, who got up from his sickbed for the first time Sunday to attend an HSP election committee session after sustaining serious injuries in a car accident ten days ago. 
The Kuwaiti foreign ministry has urged people travelling abroad to leave their maids at home saying they could be used as a pretext to harm the country's reputation.  A ministry statement published in Kuwaiti newspapers Sunday said that taking servants abroad would "bring trouble that undermines the image of Kuwait." 
UN inspectors left for North Korea Sunday after Pyongyang said it had started a controversial replacement of reactor fuel rods, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said.  The agency had said the inspectors would not make the trip unless the reclusive Stalinist state agreed to postpone the fuel rod replacement. But on Saturday the agency said it was not clear if the process had begun and wanted to see for itself. 
Fighting between Rwandan rebels and government forces intensified Sunday in several districts of Kigali and in towns across the country, a UN spokesman in the capital said.  Abdul Kabia, contacted by telephone from Nairobi, reported heavy clashes between the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) and government troops in the eastern and southeastern suburbs of Remera and Kicukiro. 
Alain Prost and Max Mosley, head of the ruling International Automobile Federation, want to bury the hatchet and work together to improve safety in Formula One.  Prost, who retired last year after winning his fourth world title, has been critical of the FIA over the accidents which killed Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger two weeks ago, and of their handling of F1 in general. 
A shoot-out between Israeli troops and Palestinian gunmen left four Gazans wounded on Sunday, Palestinian sources said.  The army said only two Palestinians aboard a truck from which the attack came were lightly wounded. 
Thousands of Kurds have fled repression in Turkey and crossed the mountains into northern Iraq, aid organisations said here Sunday.  Some 4,200 Turkish Kurds have crossed the border since the beginning of March, at a rate of around 20 families each day. Most of them crossed in the past four weeks, said Hannes Kempman from the German aid association HAD. 
A British soldier was killed in Northern Ireland overnight by a bomb blast near an army roadblock in an attack claimed by the Irish Republican Army (IRA), police said Sunday.  The bomb exploded in the village of Keady, near the border with the Irish Republic. 
If you care about keeping your car in one piece, don't feed the mountain parrots, the New Zealand Automobile Association (AA) warns motorists travelling in alpine areas.  The parrots, or keas (nestor notobilis), have become a major tourist attraction, but they become so keyed up by high-calorie human food that they rip cars up, the AA's monthly magazine Directions reports in its latest issue. 
Britain's governing Conservative Party excised personal attacks on John Smith from its campaign guide for next month's European elections after the opposition leader's sudden death, a newspaper reported Sunday.  The weekly Observer revealed that several passages were removed from the internal party guide, which had been drafted at the beginning of May. 
A 19-year-old suspect was brought in for questioning Sunday in connection with an outbreak of anti-foreign violence in the east GErman town of Magdeburg, authorities said.  Magdeburg prosecutor Rudolf Jaspers did not disclose the identity of the suspect but said in response to a question on whether the man was an extremist: "He is not unknown to us." 
Unidentified thieves robbed the Budapest office of the U.S. Peace Corps educational and humanitarian organisation, state Hungarian Radio said Sunday.  The robbers took a safe containing some 10,000 dollars as well as Hungarian currency from the bureau after they shot out security cameras and the alarm device above its entrance to be able to get in. 
More than one billion people will suffer from hunger in the year 2030 because of the world's population rise, the head of the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) warned here Sunday.  In a meeting with Iran's President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani in the northern city of Rasht, Jacques Diouf urged FAO member states to "cooperate closely to provide nutritional security in poor countries," Tehran Radio said. 
New England boss Ray Illingworth warned England's flops here on Sunday to start producing the goods -- or face the axe.  England's new chairman of selectors, after recalling Graham Gooch to the fold, said: "The slate is clean and we start from here. 
Top women gymnasts are going to be getting older, the sport's ruling body has decided, after raising the minumum age at major competitons from 15 to 16 from 1997.  The International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) made the move at a weekend congress here, where they also voted to abolish compulsory exercises from 1997. 
Taiwan's China Airlines (CAL) Sunday announced it would give record compensation of 4.1 million Taiwan dollars (154,716 US) to the families of Taiwan victims killed in a plane crash in central Japan.  "We have decided to compensate 4.1 million dollars to each of the families of the victims killed in the crash, and the amount will be applied to the relatives of both Japanese and Filippino victims," CAL spokesman Michael Lo told reporters here. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao was beginning his US trip by meeting Sunday with the Indian community in New York.  Rao, who arrived in the Big Apple on Saturday on the first US tour by an Indian premier since Rajiv Gandhi came here in 1987, was also to visit Houston and Boston and give a lecture at Harvard before arriving in Washington Wednesday. 
Thai Prime Minister Chuan Leekpai and another senior Thai government official have called on ASEAN member countries to oppose western military aid to Phnom Penh, local dailies reported Sunday.  The comments by the prime minister came only days after the Cambodian monarch, King Norodom Sihanouk, said foreign military assistance might be the only way to end his government's continuing military conflict with the Khmer Rouge. 
The mother of former Afghan president Najibullah was killed in a road accident here Sunday, police said.  Bibi Haleema, 70, who had been living here with her son-in-law, was hit by a bus while she was crossing a road, according to the police. 
Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata, who heads the country's first minority government in 39 years, took to the rain-drenched streets of Tokyo Sunday to seek public support for his policies.  "We face a lot of internal and external problems which need urgent settlement," Hata told a crowd in front of Tokyo's Shinjuku railway station. 
The Monaco Grand Prix got off to a dramatic start on Sunday, when Damon Hill's Williams-Renault shunted into the back of Mika Hakkinen's McLaren-Peugeot, forcing both men out of the race.  The low-speed accident came within the opening seconds, when both men headed into the first bend after race leader Michael Schumacher. 
Indonesia urgently needs to act on workers' rights if it does not want a repetition of last month's worker demonstrations that left one person dead, a human rights group said in a report released here Monday.  "Reforms announced by the minister of manpower in January 1994 had, by early May, had no visible effect on increasing freedom of association or decreasing military involvement in labor disputes," Human Rights Watch/Asia said in the report titled "Indonesia: The Medan Demonstrations and Beyond." 
An Iranian religious organisation urged all Moslems making the pilgrimage in Mecca to defy a Saudi ban and take part in an anti-US rally planned by Iranians pilgrims, the official news agency IRNA said Sunday.  "We call on all pilgrims, especially politically-aware Iranians, to take part in the demonstration as in previous years to foil the plots of the enemies of Islam," the Islamic Propagation Organisation said, quoted by IRNA. 
Some 400 Libyan Moslems have arrived on camel-back in Tabuk, northwest Saudi Arabia, for the annual pilgrimage to Mecca, the Organisation of the Islamic Conference said here Sunday.  The caravan of 350 camels was welcomed at the Saudi border by Tabuk leaders who helped to arrange the trip. 
Cannes festival-goers received a sobering reminder of the world beyong the glitz of the Croisette Sunday, when the horrors of war in Bosnia were brought to the Festival Palace.  "Bosna!" by French philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy, pulls no punches in its use of amateur video and audio material to depict the last two- and-a-half years in the war-torn ex-Yugoslav republic. 
The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) fronting the armed insurgency against Turkish authorities is on the point of breaking up after a series of military defeats, Interior Minister Nahit Mentese said here Sunday.  Mentese said in a statement that the PKK "has lost its options for logistical support and suffered major losses following large-scale operations by the army." 
Israeli Prime Minister Izthak Rabin is calling for Europeans to underpin the Midle East peace process by strengthening economic cooperation between Israel and the European Union.  In an interview released Sunday in advance of publication Monday in Germany's Die Welt, Rabin said Israel was not asking for favours or European aid but wanted a European market which was open to trade with the Jewish state. 
A "surprise" included in the schedule of the 47th Cannes International Film Festival is by leading South Korean director Shin, Sang Okk, reliable sources said Sunday.  The director, who is on the jury judging the main competition of the festival, will see have his latest film "Vanished" screened at a special projection here on Tuesday night. 
The UN food agency said Sunday the influx of Rwandan refugees into Tanzania, already hosting more than 320,000 other Rwandans, was continuing unabated with an estimated 1,400 people arriving daily.  The World Food Programme (WFP) said in a statement released here that although it had managed to deliver adequate food to northwestern Tanzania, the refugees were threatened with an outbreak of epidemics because of poor sanitation. 
American Pete Sampras won the Italian Open here on Sunday by beating German Boris Becker 6-1, 6-2, 6-2. 
Top seed Steffi Graf won the German Open here on Sunday by beating 11th seed Brenda Schultz of the Netherlands 7-6 (8/6), 6-4. 
Switzerland's Tony Rominger created history here on Sunday by clinching a hat-trick of Tour of Spain triumphs.  The 1992 and 1993 winner also gave world number one Miguel Indurain the perfect reminder that this year's Tour de France will be a major confrontation between the two. 
Galatasaray, the Istanbul club who knocked Manchester United of the European Cup, won the Turkish league on Sunday, finishing a point clear of Fenerbahce after winning their last game.  Selected results 
Most of Egypt's 180,000 lawyers went on strike Sunday to protest the death of a jailed lawyer who was allegedly tortured.  Abdel Hareth Madani died the day after being arrested on April 26 on charges that he had acted as a go-between for imprisoned members of the Islamic militant group Jamaa Islamiyya group and those abroad. 
American Pete Sampras, warming up for the French Open, gave his rivals an early fright by crushing Boris Becker in the Italian Open final here on Sunday.  The world number one continued his extraordinary run of success by thrashing the German in straight sets, winnning 6-1, 6-2, 6-2, at the Foro Italico. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher arrived here Sunday at the start of his second shuttle mission in a fortnight between arch-foes Syria and Israel.  Christopher was greeted at the airport by Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shara who immediately accompanied him to the presidential palace for talks with President Hafez al-Assad. 
Four Buddhist monks imprisoned for joining a protest march in Vietnman have been on a hunger strike for three weeks to denounce their punishment, the Buddhist church to which they belong said in Paris Sunday.  The four monks were convicted in January of "disturbing the public order" and sentenced to up to four years in prison after they joined a demonstration in the former imperial capital of Hue, south of Hanoi, organised by the Unified Buddhist Church of Vietnman, an offshoot of the Buddhist Church of Vietnman  which was set up in 1981 by the communist regime. 
Germany's Michael Schumacher swept to his fourth consecutive victory this season at the wheel of the Benetton-Ford in Sunday's Monaco Grand Prix.  Britain's Martin Brundle was second in the McLaren-Peugeot and Austrian veteran Gerhard Berger came third in the Ferrari. 
Steffi Graf retained her German Open title -- her eighth in nine years -- with a 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 victory over Brenda Schultz here on Sunday.  It was Graf's 20th consecutive final since March 1993, and her 16th victory -- and ample warning to her rivals a week before the French Open. 
Senate leaders from both sides of the political spectrum said Sunday they favored economic sanctions to force North Korea to allow international monitoring of its nuclear program.  "I do favor sanctions against North Korea, and I believe we should make a very determined effort to get our allies and countries in the region to join us in these sanctions," said Senate majority leader George Mitchell, a Democrat from Maine. 
Germany's Michael Schumacher swept to his fourth victory of the Formula One season here on Sunday in a Monaco Grand Prix which was won and lost within the opening seconds.  Schumacher, who has won every race this year, came home clear of Britain's Martin Brundle in the McLaren-Peugeot and Austrian veteran Gerhard Berger in the Ferrari. 
England have called up Warren Barton, Wimbledon's uncapped right back, for their friendly against Greece on Tuesday, after Manchester United's Paul Parker was ruled out by an ankle injury.  Barton, 25, has proved to be a solid defender, helping the unfashionable south London side to finish sixth in the Premiership. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher went straight into talks with President Hafez al-Assad here Sunday at the start of his second peace shuttle in as many weeks between arch-foes Syria and Israel.  The secretary was to deliver Israel's response to Assad's counter- proposals, following an initial Israeli offer of a phased withdrawal from the strategic Golan Heights. 
The mainly Moslem northeastern Bosnian industrial town of Tuzla entered its third year of conflict Sunday with UN reports describing the situation on nearby fronts as "very tense."  Life still showed no signs of returning to normal for the town's 200,000 residents after bombardments which killed two people and seriously injured four more last Wednesday continued. 
Two British airlines Sunday cancelled flights to Paris' Orly airport, averting a showdown over landing rights after France agreed to open the airport to services from London by the end of June.  In a joint statement, French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson and his British counterpart John MacGregor said they were committed to opening the Orly-London link to air traffic "as soon as possible and at the latest by the end of June." 
A British soldier was killed in Northern Ireland overnight by a bomb blast near an army roadblock in an attack claimed by the Irish Republican Army (IRA), police said Sunday.  The bomb exploded in the village of Keady, near the border with the Irish Republic. 
Heavy fighting in Kigali, Rwanda's embattled capital, prevented a UN plane carrying relief supplies from landing on Sunday, a UN spokesman said.  But the plane, which was forced to return to Nairobi, went back to Kigali during a lull in the fighting on Sunday afternoon and and delivered food and medicines for displaced people and UN soldiers in the city, the spokesman, Abdul Kabia, told AFP by phone from Kigali. 
Turtle Island swept to a convincing 15-length victory in the the Irish 2,000 Guineas at the Curragh on Sunday, just a week after being narrowly beaten in France's mile Classic.  Settled in last place by John Reid, Turtle Island cruised up to the leaders two furlongs out. Guided Tour caught Ridgewood Ben for second on the line. 
Georgia does not possess the means to push for a military solution in its breakaway province of Abkhazia and should accept a Moscow-mediated peace accord signed Saturday, President Eduard Shevardnadze said Sunday.  In a television address reported by Interfax, Shevardnadze said rejecting the accord would mean pushing for a military solution. This was "justifiable neither morally nor with regard to our capabilities." 
Switzerland's Tony Rominger created history here on Sunday by clinching a hat-trick of Tour of Spain triumphs.  The 1992 and 1993 winner also gave world number one Miguel Indurain the perfect reminder that this year's Tour de France will be a major confrontation between the two. 
Monaco Grand Prix standings here on Sunday:  1. Michael Schumacher (Germany) Benetton Ford 1hr 49min 55.372secs, 
French actor Gerard Depardieu and Cannes veteran Roman Polanski brought some star quality to Cannes Sunday with the first of Italy's four bids for the Golden Palm.  The two actors -- the biggest celebrities in town so far -- also brought some knockabout humour to proceedings ahead of the premiere of "Una Pura Formalita" (A Simple Formality) Sunday night. 
1. Schumacher 40pts, 2. Berger 10, 3 Ruben Barrichello (Brazil) 7, Damon Hill 7, 5 Nicola Larini (Italy) 6, Brundle 6, Alesi 6, 8 Mika Hakkinen (Finland) 4, Ukyo Katayama (Japan) 4, Karl Wendlinger (Austria) 4, 11 Christian Fittipaldi (Brazil) 3, de Cesaris 3, 13. Heinz-Harald Frentzen (Germany) 2, 14 Erik Comas (France) 1, Michele Alboreto (Italy) 1  Constructors' standings 
Around 9,500 mineworkers agreed to end an 11-day-old strike Sunday at the Kloof gold mine near Carletonville, 50 kilometres (30 miles) west of here, mine owners Gold Fields said.  The workers, who went on strike to protest the dismissal of a union activist, decided to return to work after a mass meeting early Sunday addressed by National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) president J Motlatsi. 
Brazilian president Itamar Franco has delayed his forthcoming trip to China because of domesic problems within Brazil, said a foreign ministry spokesman on Sunday.  With the upcoming introduction of a new currency and a series of public sector stikes hitting the country, Franco decided to delay his May 23 departure back to June 3 said the official. 
Commonwealth observers supervising Malawi's first multi-party elections said Sunday that they had received reports of campaign violations in the run-up to Tuesday's polls.  The head of the 11-strong Commonwealth observer group, former Malaysian minister Dato Musa Hitam, said at a press conference Sunday that he had received reports of "various violations by parties" in several districts. 
Veteran US film star Clint Eastwood, the president of this year's Cannes festival jury, was awarded the French National Order of Arts and Letters here Sunday.  French Culture Minister Jacques Toubon bestowed the award on Eastwood in a ceremony also attended by Federico Mayor, secretary general of UNESCO, reminding the actor-turned-director that he first came to fame in Europe. 
Manchester United's international veteran Bryan Robson is set to begin his managerial career at Middlesbrough.  The 37-year-old former England skipper, who was overlooked for the Red Devils' FA Cup win over Chelsea, is touted to take over at the north east Division One club on Tuesday. 
A South African soldier was shot dead in Katlehong black township east of here Sunday by a gunmen who accused him of supporting President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress (ANC), National Defence Force Christo Visser said.  The incident followed the massacre of 12 people Friday night in neighbouring Tokoza township, shattering three weeks of peace that held in the wake of South Africa's first democratic election on April 26-29 which swept the ANC to victory. 
A South African soldier was shot dead in a black township near here Sunday by gunmen who accused him of supporting President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress (ANC), a National Defence Force spokesman said.  The incident followed the massacre of 12 people Friday night in neighbouring Tokoza township, shattering three weeks of peace that held in the wake of South Africa's first democratic election on April 26-29 which swept the ANC to victory. 
Riots, fires, killings and earthquakes are being blamed for a dramatic drop in Japanese tourists visiting California.  Latest figures released by the California tourist board show that after a 1987 high of 44 percent, Japanese tourists are expected to account for only 18 percent of holidaymakers visiting the state this year. 
British authorities reported an oil slick 10 kilometers long (six miles) in the English Channel Sunday following a collision between two cargo ships, but insisted it was not a hazard.  The slick 32 kilometers (20 miles) off the Dover coast is dissipating and is "unlikely to be serious," the Dover coast guard said in a statement. 
Northern troops loyal to Yemen's President Ali Abdallah Saleh were reportedly closing in on the southern stronghold of Aden in a three- pronged assault on Sunday.  A northern military spokesman, Colonel Ali al-Jaifi, said his Al- Amaliqa (giants) brigade had broken through southern defences in the Abyan region, east of the city. 
Colin Montgomerie survived a 'squirrel scare' to sweep Seve Ballesteros off the top of the European order of merit here on Sunday by capturing the Spanish Open with a final birdie.  The big Scot, who won the 1993 money list with almost 800,000 pounds, took his earnings this year to over 150,000 pounds when his closing 70 for an 11 under par 277 gave him one shot to spare over England's Mark Roe, Richard Boxall and Mark McNulty of Zimbabwe. 
Aston Villa midfielder Kevin Richardson, called up for England duty this week, celebrated by signing a new two-year contract with his club.  Richardson, who led Villa to the League Cup in March, said: "I'm just happy to have this sorted out. It's important for me to know everything is settled. 
Handguns were used in almost one million crimes in the United States in 1992, a record, although violent crime in general was on the decrease, according to a Justice Department report released Sunday.  Handguns were used in 917,500 non-fatal crimes in 1992, a 50 percent increase over the average for the previous five years. 
Forty percent of Swedes remain opposed to their country joining the European Union while 34 percent are in favour and 27 percent are undecided, according to results of a monthly poll by the SIFO institute.  (The figures add up to 101 percent due to rounding.) 
Police seized 112 kilosgrams (250 pounds) of heroin over the weekend in Romania's biggest drug bust yet, television reported Sunday.  The drugs were contained in 212 bags hidden throughout a car that had entered the country from Bulgaria, it added. 
A bomb attack Sunday on a cinema wounded 12 people, including six soldiers, in Elazig, southeastern Turkey, the Anatolia news agency reported.  A Russian-made explosive device was thrown inside the cinema premises where 140 people were watching a film, the agency said. Nobody immediately claimed responsibility for the attack. 
Hundreds of black-shirted Italian skinheads chanting racist slogans and displaying swastika symbols held a rally Sunday in the northern city of Vicenza, state television reported.  The rally, which authorities had allowed to go ahead, went off without incident under the eye of police and paramilitary carabinieri units. 
Three Germans fell to their deaths in the Italian Alps while attempting to scale the Gran Zebru glacier Sunday, rescue services said.  Manfred Lupp, 47, his wife Regina Alberta Hack, 48, and Karl Petri, 52, were climbing one of the glacier's faces when they were swept away by a mass of snow and ice. The three plunged some 800 metres to their deaths. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Sunday he would visit the first autonomous Palestinian enclave of Jericho on Tuesday to assess how self-rule was being implemented.  Christopher was speaking to reporters on the plane bringing him to Damascus on his second peace shuttle in as many weeks between Syria and Israel. 
The French domestic airline Air Inter said Sunday that it was cancelling all flights Tuesday except those to Corsica due to a strike by employees.  The company said in a statement that it would schedule extra flights Monday and Wednesday to make up for the cancellations. 
A shoot-out between Israeli troops and Palestinian gunmen left four Gazans wounded on Sunday, Palestinian sources said, as their new police force carried out its first investigation.  The army said two Palestinians aboard a truck from which the attack came were lightly wounded. 
Former French minister Bernard Kouchner and officials accompanying him dived into a culvert to take cover Sunday when their convoy came under fire as it entered Kigali, A UN spokesman said.  The convoy had just entered Kigali on its way back from Gitarama, south of Kigali, where Kouchner had gone to meet interim government officials, spokesman Moctor Gueye told AFP by telephone from Kigali. 
The Moslem-led Bosnian army and the Bosnian Croat militia formed a joint command Sunday in line with an agreement to form a Moslem-Croat federation in Bosnia-Hercegovina, Radio Sarajevo reported.  The command is headed by Bosnian army General Fikret Muslimovic and Croat General Ante Roso, it said. 
Emerson Fittpaldi failed in his bid to wrest Indianapolis 500 pole position from teammate Al Unser Jnr here Sunday, settling for a front row spot beside fellow Brazilian Raul Boesel.  Fittipaldi's four-lap qualifying run over the 2.5-mile (4km) oval was 227.303 mph (363.684 km/h), well off the 228.011 mph (364.817 km/h) standard set by Unser in Saturday's rain-shortened session. 
Bryan Young hit a fine 90 to inspire a long-awaited New Zealand victory against Northamptonshire here on Sunday.  Opener Young set up an eight-wicket victory to erase a week of poor batting performances by the Kiwis --  and boost morale before the one- day international series against England. 
Venice and Sarajevo became twin cities Sunday.  "Venice wanted this twinning to express the deep bitterness of our country, and I hope of all Europe, over what is happening in the entire Balkan region, and the unacceptability of current European impotence," said Venice mayor Massimo Cacciari after a signing ceremony here. 
Two teenagers were killed Sunday and about 30 people injured, several of them seriously, when a minibus and a coach collided in heavy rain between York and Harrogate in northern England, police said.  At least one of the injured was in critical condition. 
At least five people are dying every day in the northern Angolan town of Ndalatando for want of food and medical attention, official radio reported Sunday.  It said some 5,000 townspeople had returned to Ndalatando sionce the army recaptured it from rebel forces on May 4. 
American Don Janicki and Ukrainian Lyubov Klochko retained their titles in the Cleveland Marathon here Sunday, but rain prevented a repeat of Janicki's 1993 record-setting exploits.  His time of 2 hours 15 minutes 4 seconds was well outside the course record of 2:11:39 set last year. He was one minute in front of runner- up John Kagwe of Kenya. 
Ismail Kirui of Kenya won the annual Bay to Breakers 12-kilometer road race here Sunday for the second year in a row.  Kirui won the race, which starts on the San Francisco Bay waterfront and winds through Golden Gate Park to the Pacific Ocean shore, clocking 34 minutes and 3 seconds. 
The Swiss Red Cross (CRS) will pay a monthly pension of more than 1,000 dollars a month for life to around 30 people who became infected with the AIDS virus after receiving blood transfusions from its stocks, the Zurich Sonnagszeitung weekly reported.  CRS president Karl Kennel confirmed the paper's story to the Bern- based ATS news agency. 
Around 25,000 fans welcomed Manchester United's history-making heroes during a victory parade here on Sunday.  Alex Ferguson and his stars, winners of the FA Cup and League championship, were driven through the streets in an open-topped double-decker bus. 
Rival Yemeni troops clashed northeast of the city of Aden on Sunday, in the oil-rich Shabwa province, an official spokesman reported in Sanaa.  The northern spokesman, quoted by the Qatari news agency QNA, said a southern brigade had been wiped out as troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh fought to seize Ataq, the provincial capital. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher and President Hafez al-Assad explored ways to bring Syria and Israel closer to a Golan peace deal here Sunday.  Christopher held four hours of talks with Assad right after arriving in Damascus for his second peace shuttle between Syria and Israel in as many weeks. 
The main hotel in the northern Bosnian town of Tuzla was hit by a large caliber shell late Sunday, but there were no casualties.  There The shell hit the Hotel Tuzla at 10:15 p.m. (2015 GMT), heavily damaging a room on the building's fourth floor. Two other shells landed near the hotel. 
Former finance minister Hans Apel was named Sunday to spearhead efforts to find a new partner for the giant eastern German EKO Stahl steelworks, after an embarassing last-minute withdrawal by the Italian industrial group Riva.  "We have a difficult road ahead of us," Birgit Breuel, president of the Treuhand statea privatisation agency, admitted Sunday. "We need a solid industrial partner and we are going to try to find one as soon as possible." 
Russian Viatcheslav Ekimov scored a convincing victory in the final time trial on Sunday to seal victory in the Tour DuPont after leading the 12-day cycle race for the final six days.  Ekimov completed the 27-kilometer final stage from Kernersville to Winston-Salem in 34 minutes and 3 seconds. His total overall time was 47 hours 14 minutes and 29 seconds. 
Amid rumors of a coup, renewed threats of street protests, worker shutdowns and seemingly endless currency devaluations, President Rafael Caldera's government is facing a crucial week, analysts said Sunday.  Visits by Amnesty International and the International Monetary Fund are putting an intense spotlight on the government as it attempts to defuse the crisis. 
The main hotel in the northern Bosnian town of Tuzla was hit late Sunday by a large-caliber artillery shell fired from Serb positions, but there were no casualties.  The shell hit the Hotel Tuzla at 10:15 p.m. (2015 GMT), heavily damaging a room on the building's fourth floor and part of the third floor. Two other shells landed near the hotel. 
The Yemen Socialist Party of southern Yemen leader Ali Salem al-Baid, backed by five opposition parties, made a new ceasefire offer Sunday in the civil war against northern Yemeni followers of President Ali Abdallah Saleh.  Baid announced the new initiative, aimed at creating a "government of national salvation," at a press conference along with leaders of the five opposition parties, three of which are based in the north. 
A former police officer shot four teenage boys after reporting his home vandalized, killing two before he turned his gun on himself.  Joseph Merola, a former officer in this central New York state town, shot at the four when they bicycled past his house Saturdary. He had called police 20 minutes earlier reporting vandalism at his house. 
England's Laura Davies won her second tournament in a row and the second major of her career here Sunday, surging to a three-under-par 68 for a three-shot victory in the LPGA Championship.  Davies, who won the 1987 US Women's Open before she joined the LPGA Tour, pulled away from the field with birdies at 11, 12, 14 and 15, then parred the next three for a five-under total of 279. 
Neal Lancaster won the biggest sudden death playoff in the history of the PGA Tour Sunday, beating five other players to win the weather- shortened Byron Nelson Classic.  Lancaster claimed the first victory of his five-year Tour career with a four-foot birdie putt at the first extra hole. 
Russian special envoy Vitaly Churkin arrived in the Serbian capital overnight to discuss a joint western-Russian peace plan, the agency Tanjug reported as Serb leaders gave the proposal a cool reception.  Churkin was due to meet Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic on Monday to discuss the peace plan, endorsed by US, Russian and five west European foreign ministers in Geneva late Friday. 
Canadian racer Paul Tracy expected a front row start, and maybe a pole position, for the Indianapolis 500.  Instead, he will begin the May 29 race in the 10th row, trailing 27 other cars. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao was scheduled to leave here for Houston, Texas on Sunday, to discuss US investment prospects in India, notably in the just-opened telecommunications sector.  Later in the week Rao, the first Indian prime minister to visit the United States in seven years, is expected to discuss a number of thorny issues with President Bill Clinton in Washington, including India's ambitious nuclear program. 
Secretary of State Warren Christopher was expected to hold a second day of talks with officials here Monday to further explore means of forging peace between arch foes Syria and Israel.  Christopher held four hours of talks with Syrian President Hafez al- Assad on Sunday right after his arrival here at the start of his second peace shuttle between Syria and Israel in as many weeks. 
Captured Peruvian drug trafficker Demetrio Chavez Penaherrara has accused high-ranking Peruvian military leaders of helping his drug operations, according to press reports Sunday.  Chavez accused Eduardo Bellido Mora, a general currently serving as the military attache in Israel and Major Carlos Rodriguez Cateriano, whose current assignment was not identified. 
The dollar opened higher at 105.07 yen in Tokyo on Monday, up 0.49 yen from the previous trading day's finish of 104.58 yen.  The opening rate compared with New York's late Friday quote of 104.98 yen. 
Warm and windy conditions thwarted Emerson Fiittpaldi's bid to take the Indianapolis 500 pole position from teammate Al Unser Jnr, leaving him a front-row consolation spot beside fellow Brazilian Raul Boesel.  Fittipaldi's four-lap qualifying run here Sunday was 227.303 mph (363.684 km/h), well off the 228.011 mph (364.817 km/h) standard set by Unser in Saturday's rain-shortened session over the 2.5-mile (4km) oval. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao was scheduled to leave here for Houston, Texas on Sunday, to discuss US investment prospects in India, notably in the just-opened telecommunications sector.  Later in the week Rao, the first Indian prime minister to visit the United States in seven years, is expected to discuss a number of thorny issues with President Bill Clinton in Washington, including India's ambitious nuclear program. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao was scheduled to leave here for Houston, Texas on Sunday, to discuss US investment prospects in India, notably in the just-opened telecommunications sector.  Later in the week Rao, the first Indian prime minister to visit the United States in seven years, is expected to discuss a number of thorny issues with President Bill Clinton in Washington, including India's ambitious nuclear program. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao was scheduled to leave here for Houston, Texas on Sunday, to discuss US investment prospects in India, notably in the just-opened telecommunications sector.  Later in the week Rao, the first Indian prime minister to visit the United States in seven years, is expected to discuss a number of thorny issues with President Bill Clinton in Washington, including India's ambitious nuclear program. 
Russia will pursue its economic reforms and adopt the most resolute measures to limit the budget deficit and the emission of credits, Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin in a contribution to The Financial Times published Monday.  "Russia has only one path to tread - that of reform, and it will not depart from it," the premier said, adding that Russia was "now living through the trough of the economic crisis." 
The three-time defending champion Chicago Bulls pulled themselves together to post a 95-83 victory over New York Sunday, evening their best-of-seven series in the National Basketball Association playoffs.  Scottie Pippen, who sparked a storm of controversy when he refused to play in the crucial closing seconds of Friday's game, which the Bulls won on a buzzer-beating shot from Croatian Toni Kukoc, said the team had put that episode behind them. 
A small group which picketed the home of a one-time South African white supremacist said Monday it did not regret its action despite criticism from MPs here.  The former head of the South African chapter of the Church of the Creator, Jan Smith, has been here for 10 days. He has previously written that the heritage of the white race is "threatened by our deadly race enemies -- Jews, kaffirs and the mud races." 
Six people died and three were seriously wounded in an overnight shotgun attack in a Medellin, police reported Sunday.  Unidentified gunmen fled the scene in a car after shooting at a group of people gathered on a street corner in the north of the violence- torn city early Sunday. 
At least two Shining Path guerrillas were killed and eight civilians wounded when the guerrillas ran into an army patrol, military sources reported Sunday.  The fighting took place Saturday in Amarillo, a village in the Tingo Maria area of Huanuco, about 500 kilometers (240 miles) east of Lima. 
Timothy Carey, a veteran Hollywood character actor whose films ranged from "Paths of Glory" to 1960s beach movies, has died at age 65.  Carey died Wednesday after suffering a stroke at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, his son Romeo Carey, said Sunday. 
Tigers are facing the threat of extinction in India -- the last bastion of the great cat -- because of continuous poaching sparked by demands abroad for the animal's organs, experts say.  "The tiger is under renewed threat once again," said Arin Ghosh, who heads Project Tiger, a conservation programme the Indian government launched in 1972, and which until recently was seen as a success story. 
An 11-year-old boy dashed into a blazing apartment and rescued a two- year-old boy who had been left unsupervised, police said.  The boy hero said he simply ran in and grabbed the toddler, ignoring what the Boy Scouts taught him -- to crawl under thick smoke. 
The Israeli army on Monday quit the central prison and military administration buildings here, an AFP correspondent saw.  Following the departure of the Israeli troops, 150 Palestinian police from Egypt took control of the prison as hundreds of people were chanting and dancing outside and armed Fatah activists fired shots from automatic weapons in the air. 
New Zealand's awesomely beautiful South Island high country may be on the verge of ecological collapse as a result of rabbits, weeds, and ironically, the large flocks of sheep which used to complete the once perfect agricultural scene.  A government review this week found 70 percent of high country "runs," huge sheep farms spread over six million hectares (14.8 million acres) of tussock lands between the coastal plains and the snow covered Southern Alps, are now marginal or simply not viable. 
Singapore's economy grew by a better-than-expected 11 percent in the first quarter of this year, the Trade and Industry Ministry announced Monday.  "Growth was mainly fuelled by the exceptionally strong performance in the manufacturing sector and continued good performance in the financial and services sector," the ministry said in a statement. 
The world's biggest reclining Buddha will be officially inaugurated on a hill in China's Guangdong province Wednesday.  The 16-metre (53-foot) high and 108 metre (356 feet) long statue will be blessed by officials of the Buddhist Association of China and Tibetan Buddhist Association in Sanshui city, 40 kilometers (25 miles) west of Guangzhou. 
Seven-Eleven Japan Co. Ltd. has agreed with Philip Morris Inc. of the United States to jointly develop food products for convenience stores across Japan and the United States, a spokesman said Monday.  Seven-Eleven Japan, the largest convenience store operator here, will start selling a low-priced canned beer made by Miller Brewering Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of Philip Morris, late next month, the spokesman for Seven-Eleven Japan said. 
Miss Venezuela Minorka Mercado, 22, has won the Miss Photogenic award at the Miss Universe 1994 beauty pageant in the Philippine capital, organizers said Monday.  The six-foot, two-inch (188 centimetre) university student from Caracas was awarded 1,000 dollars after being chosen from among 77 contestants by a panel of foreign and local photographers covering the pageant activities, which will culminate in a May 21 pageant. 
China is to offer financial incentives to service companies to take on jobless workers as it battles to keep the urban unemployment rate below three per cent, the China Daily said Monday.  Vice Labour Minister Zhu Jiazhen said Saturday that service companies would get tax emptions and priority in obtaining bank loans and materials if 60 percent of new jobs went to unemployed workers, the report said. 
Shanghai is set to record its second consecutive year of negative population growth, the Xinhua news agency said Monday, attributing the trend to changing social priorities.  China's most populous city, Shanghai became the first to record a negative population growth last year with a birth rate of 6.5 per thousand and a death rate of 7.5 per thousand. 
China and Britain are set to launch rival campaigns to win international acceptance of their Hong Kong passports.  Preparations for China's Special Administrative Region (SAR) document are to be discussed in Beijing this week. China is expected to stage a world-wide promotion campaign for visa-free acceptance of its passport designed for travel by Hong Kong residents after 1997 return to mainland rule. 
Cambodia's Khmer Rouge guerrillas claimed Monday to have seized the town of Mongkol Borey, in northwest Cambodia, and to have complete control of key roads linking Battambang, Sisophon and Poipet.  In a broadcast monitored in Bangkok, Khmer Rouge radio said three columns of guerrilla forces had hit government positions May 15 near the Mongkol Borey bridge, at the town market and along the river south of town on Route 5. 
More than 200 Chinese construction workers, engineers and medical personnel arrived in Beijing Monday, after fleeing the bloody civil war in Yemen.  Some 160 Chinese workers were flown home Friday and a further 398 were scheduled to return later Monday. 
Vietnamese border police have freed 61 people, including 31 children, sold into slavery for just 20 dollars to work for gold miners in the centre of the country, a report said Monday.  Five people were arrested for luring people from Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City with the promises of work and then selling them to work in private gold mines along the Vietnamese border with Laos, the Tuoi Tre newspaper reported. 
Japan's Toshiba Corp. said Monday it had developed an overwritable optical-disc drive system which allows 606 megabytes of data including video pictures to be stored on a 3.5 inch (nine centimetre) disc.  The company said the system, described as the world's first high- capacity optical-disc drive, was a "dramatic improvement" over conventional rewritable magneto optical-disc systems requiring whole sections of data to be erased. 
Twenty-one people were killed late Sunday when two minibus taxis and a truck collided at Leeuw Gamka, about 400 kilometres (240 miles), from here on the main road to Johannesburg, police said Monday.  A police spokesman, describing the accident as "very, very horrific," said the two taxis crashed into each other before being hit by the truck, which dragged one of the minibuses 150 metres (yards) down the road. 
Japan and the United States are to discuss next week a US proposal to expand the scope of bilateral cooperation to deal with global issues, a foreign ministry official said Monday.  Japanese and US officials plan to meet in Washington on May 24 to consider the additional items in "the common agenda for cooperation from a global perspective," which is part of bilateral framework talks, the official said. 
China is set to become the world's largest container maker this year with production expected to grow by nearly 70 percent to 420,000 twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs), a report said Monday.  Last year, China's container-manufacturing sector came out with a total of 250,000 twenty-foot equivalent units to become the world's second largest container maker, the Beijing-backed Ta Kung Pao newspaper quoting China Container Industry Association reported. 
China is to postpone a large number of share issues until next year as the government tries to shore up the depression in the country's two fledgling stock markets, the China Daily said Monday.  According to a circular issued Friday by the watchdog State Council Securities Committee "a considerable number" of stocks scheduled to be issued this year will be postponed until 1995 as the committee moves to standardise the operations of listed companies and stock trading. 
The annual inflation rate in Finland was in April only 0.2 per cent, one of the lowest figures in the industrialised countries, the Central Statistical Office announced here Monday.  From March to April the consumer price index went up 0.2 per cent. 
Industrial production in Finland went up 8.5 per cent in March, the Central Statistical Office said here Monday.  From February to March the rise was 0.1 per cent. 
Consumer financiers and the Israeli widow of a computer game czar topped the list of Japan's biggest taxpayers for 1993, while real estate dealers bowed out of the limelight as the end of the "bubble economy" investment boom became more apparent.  Only 46 people in the list of the top 100 taxpayers issued by the national tax administration agency Monday had made their fortunes through the sale of real estate. 
The first major shipment of foreign apples to Japan arrived at the western Japanese port of Kobe from New Zealand on Monday.  The 19 tonnes of apples represented the first significant import of foreign apples since the Japanese government enacted a law in 1971 to liberalize apple imports, press reports said. 
Philippine coconut exports plunged 55.5 percent to 220,900 tonnes in the first quarter due to a typhoon which reduced supplies, the local industry association said here Monday.  Despite improved prices, coconut export earnings also fell 44.3 percent to 86.6 million dollars, from last year's 155.4 million dollars, the United Coconut Association of the Philippines said. 
Australian champions Adelaide City hammered relegated English premier division side Sheffield United 3-0 here on Sunday night.  City, who earlier this month retained their national title, took the lead in the 18th minute when national team striker Carl Veart beat his man and crossed for Bradley Hassell to push the ball home at the far post. 
Former world amateur snooker champion Om Agarwal died in Bombay after a year-long battle with cancer on Monday. He was 39.  Agarwal became the first Asian snooker player to win the world amateur championship in 1984, beating title holder Terry Parsons in the final in Dublin. 
Ireland will give five uncapped players a taste of Australian conditions in their opening rugby union tour clash against Western Australia here Wednesday.  Tour manager Frank Sowman on Monday announced a young team including uncapped forwards Keith Wood, Jeremy Davidson, Victor Costello and David Corkery, and centre Martin Ridge. 
The International Natural Rubber Organisation (INRO) opened talks here Monday, during which a new buffer stock manager will be selected from six candidates proposed by the United States and the European Union, officials said.  "The US nominated two candidates, while the EU gave four names. But it is basically a decision that has to be made by the consumers themselves at this (weeklong) INRO session," said Sucharit Promdej of Thailand. 
Sri Lankan cricket skipper Arjuna Ranatunga is to face an inquiry into his refusal to go to last month's Sharjah tournament following a fitness row.  Ranatunga, 30, is to be charged with misconduct at a Sri Lankan cricket board executive committee meeting on May 30, officials said on Monday. 
Prince Christopher of Yugoslavia, a relative of Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, has been killed in a road accident in Scotland, it was announced overnight Sunday.  Christopher Caradjordgevic, 34, was the son of the late prince Andrei of Yugoslavia and Christina Margarete van Eyck. He died Saturday. 
Saudi police laid siege to the Iranian pilgrims' camp in Mecca on Monday to prevent them from holding an anti-US rally, the official Iranian news agency IRNA said.  Commando units, equipped with grenade-launchers and machine-guns, arrived in eight buses in the early hours and were stationed in front of the camp, where the "deliverance from the infidels" demonstration is to be held on Tuesday. 
Three young East Timorese and an Indonesian are being detained and tortured by President Suharto's elite guard over the death of one of its commanders in Jakarta, East Timor resistance sources said Monday.  The CNRM (National Council of Maubere Resistance) released a statement to AFP in an attempt to draw attention to the plight of the detainees. 
Southeast Asia's booming economies must resist western demands to improve workers wages and welfare benefits in return for more trade, Singapore deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said Monday.  Lee told labour ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) that developing countries should determine the pace at which workers' benefits evolve. 
World number one Pete Sampras heads for the French Open hoping to clinch a historic 'mini Slam' of four major titles in a row -- and he has the full backing of the man he crushed in the Italian Open final.  Boris Becker, swept aside 6-1, 6-2, 6-2 on Sunday, hopes the American can go the whole way and emulate Rod Laver's feat of 25 years ago. 
The dollar closed higher at 104.87 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Monday, up 0.29 yen from the previous trading day's finish of 104.58 yen.  Investors sold yen for dollars on prospects of less pressure to push up the Japanese currency, dealers said. 
Australia will make a rush trip to Japan to replace Argentina in next week's Kirin Cup football tournament, the Australian Soccer Federation (ASF) announced on Monday.  ASF chief executive Ian Holmes said an approach had been received from the Japan Football Association, offering to pay all the team's expenses. 
A bus driver clubbed his step-daughter and two of his own children to death before killing himself after a family row over a dowry, police said Monday.  Leeladhar Chauhan's wife, Shakuntala, was also hospitalised with head injuries after her husband went berserk at their home Sunday following a quarrel over who should pay for the step-daughter's dowry, the police said. 
Police arrested some 70 hooligans on Sunday night who vandalised a bar after a football match in Dessau, in former East Germany, a spokesman said Monday.  Security forces intervened when drunken fans started smashing bottles and setting off firecrackers after the match. 
A watchdog panel has sniffed out wasteful expenditure by the Indian government, which rented kennels for non-existent police dogs, press reports said Monday.  The Comptroller and Auditor General of India found the government had spent 550,000 rupees (18,500 dollars) on renting kennels sanctioned by a 1982 project, the Pioneer newspaper said. 
Illegal sales continued to plague China's gold sector in the first quarter of 1994, with state purchases unchanged despite a 17 percent jump in output over the same period last year, it was reported Monday.  Sales to the state, unchanged on 1993, were down 35 percent on the first three months of 1992, the China Daily quoted Ministry of Metallurgical Industry gold bureau vice president Cui Dewen as saying. 
The rand continued to drop to record lows against the dollar, opening here Monday at 3.6525/40 to the greenback from Friday's close of 3.6440/55.  Dealers said the local unit was suffering from continued dollar strength and would likely remain weak against the U.S. currency. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher went into talks here Monday with Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shara as the official press called for a "quick" Israeli pullout from the strategic Golan Heights.  Christopher was then expected to leave for Israel on his second peace shuttle between the arch foes in as many weeks. 
Japanese authorities rescued seven Russian sailors after their vessel capsized in the Sea of Okhotsk Monday, while a search continued for an eighth crewmember, a Maritime Safety Agency official said.  The official said a Russian rescue vessel contacted the agency after finding the 200-tonne SRP-119 listing in waters about 100 kilometres (62 miles) north of Mombetsu, and about the same distance southeast of the Soya Strait. 
Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motor Corp. has indicated it would hasten technology transfer to Malaysia's car project following Premier Mahathir Mohamad's warning that he would turn elsewhere for help, Malaysian officials said Monday.  "I think they have got the message," International Trade and Industry Minister Rafidah Aziz told AFP. 
Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui returned Monday from a state tour in which he secured official ties with four countries, including South Africa, the nation considered most likely to switch diplomatic recognition to Taiwan's long-time rival, China.  Lee, who visited Nicaragua, Costa Rica, South Africa and Swaziland, was greeted on his return by a squad of high-ranking government officials, including Premier Lien Chan. 
Mark Taylor is hot favourite to be named this week to succeed Allan Border in the toughest job in Australian sport.  Taylor has been heir apparent to the Australian cricket captain for the past two years. He is not the only candidate, but it would be a major shock for the selectors not to pick the 29-year-old New South Wales batsman after Border decided to retire last week. 
Eurotunnel's freight shuttle is to begin moving through its tunnel under the English Channel on Thursday and the first French SNCF and British rail merchandise trains will circulate this week, Eurotunnel said in a communique.  It said it had received the green light from the intergovernmental commission overseeing use of the tunnel. 
The United Nations Assistance Mission in Rwanda (MINUAR) on Monday protested to the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front over shots fired at a convoy in which former French minister Bernard Kouchner was traveling.  Gunmen opened fire Sunday on the convoy, forcing the former minister for humanitarian action and officials accompanying him to leave their vehicles and dive for cover. 
Sales at Tokyo department stores in April fell 4.5 percent from a year earlier to mark the 26th year-on-year decline, an industry association said Monday.  April sales at 27 outlets last month totaled 191.09 billion yen (1.8 billion dollars), the Japan Department Stores' Association said. 
Iran could break ties with Britain if London failed to provide a convincing explanation over the alleged bugging of the Iranian embassy, MP Majid Naderi said Monday.  Tehran said last Wednesday that a listening device had been found late April inside a wall at the Iranian embassy in London. Britain has refused to comment on the affair. 
A French warning about pulling troops out of Bosnia "is difficult to disagree with," Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev said on returning from the latest peace talks in Geneva, ITAR-TASS news agency reported on Monday.  Kozyrev was referring to a statement by French counterpart Alain Juppe that withdrawal from the UN Protection Force was a possibility if the bloodshed continued, "and it is difficult not to be in agreement with that," the minister told Russian journalists late Sunday. 
Britain's output prices rose by 0.3 percent in April from March, compared with a revised 0.2 percent in March, provisional, seasonally- corrected figures from the central statistical office (CSO) showed Monday.  Over the year to the end of April, output prices rose 2.2 percent -- the lowest annual increase since December 1986 -- compared to a revised figure of 2.8 percent for the year to the end of March. 
Italy's police chief Vincenzo Parisi has banned demonstrations by skinheads nationwide following a weekend protest march in the northeastern town of Vicenza, the interior ministry said Monday.  Some 300 skinheads, or right-wing extremists, marched through the streets of Vicenza for the first time Saturday chanting racist slogans, and wearing black shirts bearing swastikas. 
Northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh aim to blockade the southern bastion of Aden but not capture it, Yemeni Foreign Minister Mohammad Bassandawa said Monday.  "The priority is not to capture Aden but to put it under blockade, by controlling its entries and surrounding heights," Bassandawa, a northerner loyal to the president, told the Qatari newspaper Al-Sharq. 
The British brewery Whitbread on Monday announced a 32 percent hike in annual pre-tax profits at 234 million pounds (351 million dollars) compared with 177 million pounds in 1992.  The results, for the year to Feburary 26, were slightly poorer than analysts' expectations of between 238 and 242.5 million pounds. 
Machinery orders received by Japanese companies from overseas in fiscal year to March jumped 13.9 percent from the preceding year to 1.52 trillion yen (14.5 billion dollars), an industry association said Monday.  Orders for power and chemical plants to Asian and Middle East countries contributed to the increase, the Japan Industrial Machinery Association said. 
Foreign investors have committed 4.7 billion dollars to projects in India since the doors were opened to them by a liberalisation programme in August 1991, the government said Monday.  More than 80 percent of the funds were pledged to "priority industries," the fuel and the oil refining sector topping the list followed by power generation, food processing and metallargical industries. 
The ruble dropped four points in trading Monday and was quoted at 1,877 to the U.S. dollar on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange.  Volume of trade was low at 10.2 million dollars with initial demand of 40.85 million dollars and offers of 38.1 million dollars. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher held talks Monday with Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shara as the official press called for a rapid Israeli pullout from the strategic Golan Heights.  A Western diplomat said Syria wanted an Israeli withdrawal to be completed within three years while Israel is offering a five-to-eight year timetable, starting with the return of three out of five Druze villages on the plateau. 
Boris Becker bounced back into the top ten of the world tennis rankings on Monday after his fine Italian Open challenge.  The German moved up three places to tenth after losing in Sunday's final against world number one Pete Sampras, who consolidated his huge lead at the top over Germany's Michael Stick. 
Hours after returning from Rwanda, former Australian prime minister Malcolm Fraser urged Canberra Monday to exercise caution in deciding whether to send troops to the war-ravaged Central African state.  Fraser's comments came as the government considered a UN request for an Australian contingent of up to 400 troops as part of an international force to protect refugees from the tribal genocide that has already claimed an estimated 200,000 lives. 
German air carrier Lufthansa said Monday it had net consolidated losses of 92 million marks (55.42 million dollars) for 1993.  Freight and passenger traffic both rose, pushing turnover up 2.9 percent to 17.7 billion marks for the carrier, in which the Bonn government hopes soon to sell its majority stake. 
Three pieces of heavy weaponry have been sighted by UN military observers in a Serb-controlled neighborhood in Sarajevo, UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) officials said here Monday.  The location of the weapons -- two mortar guns and an anti-aircraft canon -- is in violation of the UN-imposed 20-kilometre (12-mile) exclusion zone around Sarajevo. 
China is a foreign policy priority for Moscow, although domestic differences exist on the approach to certain China-related issues, a senior Russian parliamentarian said here Monday.  Ivan Rybkin, chairman of the Russian parliament's lower house emphasised the importance Moscow attaches to Sino-Russian ties, but added that some deputies had opposing views on the questions of border visas and applying the Chinese economic model in Russia. 
The first of five state bank executives accused of corruption over a 430 million dollar credit fraud went on trial in Jakarta on Monday facing a life jail term if found guilty.  South Jakarta court prosecutor Mohamad Yamin said Maman Suparman, a 48 -year-old former deputy branch director of the Indonesian Development Bank (Bapindo), unlawfully converted an irrevocable letter of credit. 
Hong Kong's major domestic export items of clothing, textiles, and consumer electrical and electronic products suffered declines in the first quarter of the year, despite accounting for 52 percent of the total domestic exports, official figures showed Monday.  Domestic exports of clothing and textiles fell five percent in the three months to March from a year earlier to 8.2 billion Hong Kong dollars (1.05 billion US) and 7.9 billion dollars respectively, the Census and Statistics Department said. 
An explosion at an arms depot in the Russian Far East blew up 1,600 tonnes of missiles, mines and shells, local administration chief Yevgeni Nazdratenko said in Vladivostok on Monday.  The blast on Saturday 100 kilometres (60 miles) from Vladivostok spread over a 10-kilometres (six miles) radius where villages had to be evacuated, he said, ITAR-TASS news agency reported. 
Defence officials from Armenia and Azerbaijan began consultations here on Monday about the embattled Nagorno-Karabakh enclave under Russian mediation, in a new bid to set up official negotiations for a peace settlement.  Russian President Boris Yeltsin's special envoy Vladimir Kazimirov said the idea was to bring the parties together and arrange for formal talks to reach a final agreement covering an overall ceasefire, withdrawal of troops and the stationing of a peace force from the Commonwealth of Independent States accompanied by international observers. 
German air carrier Lufthansa revealed net consolidated losses of 92 million marks (55.42 million dollars) for 1993 on Monday after a 391 million deficit for 1992.  Freight and passenger traffic both rose, pushing turnover up 2.9 percent to 17.7 billion marks for the carrier, in which the Bonn government hopes soon to sell its majority stake. 
Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata said Monday Japan may help US forces take action against North Korea's refusal to allow full international inspections of its nuclear facilities.  "Generally speaking, cooperation with US activities will be made within the limits of the constitution under any circumstances," Hata told the House of Councillors. 
The main pilots' union here called on Russia's 40,000 pilots to observe a general strike from Wednesday to protest at deteriorating safety standards and poor retirement benefits, the union's leader said Monday.  Eduard Bychkov said the union had asked the government during its congress in February to deal with its demands by May 18 or face a nationwide unlimited strike. 
The dollar firmed against the main European currencies early on Monday before a meeting of the US Federal Reserve's policy-making Open Markets Committee on Tuesday which is thought likely to raise interest rates.  By mid morning, the dollar was being traded at 1.6765 marks from 1.6680 at the close on Friday. 
Northern Ireland police swooped on Protestant loyalist hideouts in west and north Belfast early Monday, making a large but unspecified number of arrests, sources said.  A police spokesman said the operation was continuing and would not comment: 
The United Nations on Monday protested to rebels accused of firing on an army-escorted convoy carrying a French former humanitarian minister on a mercy mission to staunch Rwanda's ethnic bloodbath.  Bernard Kouchner, the flamboyant founder of the French medical agency Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF; Doctors without Borders), was forced to dive into a ditch for cover when a hail of bullets rained down on his convoy just outside the embattled capital Kigali on Sunday, UN spokesman Moctar Gueye said. 
President Boris Yeltsin appointed Monday a regional official from southern Russia to the key post of nationalities minister, signalling the Kremlin's fresh resolve to defuse ethnic tension in the troubled northern Caucasus region.  Nikolai Yegorov, 42, an ethnic Cossack who headed the regional administration of Krasnodar, replaced Sergei Shakhrai, a deputy prime minister who also held the nationalities portfolio, the presidential press service said. 
Two researchers were badly hurt in an explosion at Russia's nuclear centre at Sneyinsk (formerly Chelyabinsk-70) in the Urals, ITAR-TASS quoted the site's deputy director as saying Monday.  The explosion occurred last Friday during an attempt to bring decommissioned oil wells back on stream, but was said not to have caused any radioactive leak. 
Three pieces of heavy weaponry have been sighted by UN military observers in a Serb-controlled neighborhood overlooking Sarajevo, UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) officials said here Monday.  The location of the weapons -- two mortar guns and an anti-aircraft canon -- is in violation of the UN-imposed 20-kilometre (12-mile) exclusion zone barring heavy weapons around the Bosnian capital. 
About 50 members of an organization made up of the mothers of soldiers who have died during their military service demonstrated in central Moscow Monday to denounce "inhuman conditions" in the armed froces.  The organization, which has a membership of 10,000, said it would maintain its protest campaign until June 15, the deadline for spring military conscripts. 
South Africa's new President Nelson Mandela has strongly denied a London press report that he plans to retire in two years' time.  In a weekend statement released by his African National Congress, Mandela, who was sworn in as the country's first black head of state on May 10, said the report in the Sunday Times was "rumour-mongering written with the intention to create uncertainty." 
Share prices rose in early trading here on Monday, boosted by a rally in the futures market and encouraging output statistics for April, dealers said.  On the first day of a new account in London, the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares rose by 10.6 points to 3,129.8 by mid morning for an increase of 0.3 percent. In Paris, the CAC-40 index rose by 0.58 percent. 
Moscow's provisional budget allocation for Russia's strategic nuclear forces only covers 10 percent of the total sum required, ITAR-TASS quoted military experts as saying Monday.  The military has for weeks been campaigning for a greater net allocation of budget funds. 
The Bank of Greece increased its overdraft rate for banks by three points to 33 percent on Monday, the bank said in a statement against a background of pressure against the currency.  The bank said that it would charge an additional 0.4 points per day and that it was increasing its re-discount rate from 21.5 percent to 22.5 percent and its Lombard rate for some operations from 25.5 percent to 26.5 percent. 
At least 500 police, army and border guards Monday scrambled to track a pet Indian python, identified as a potential strangler, MTI news agency said.  More than three metres (yards) long and seven centimetres (almost three inches) thick, the snake escaped from its owner's flat Sunday in southern Zalaegerszeg. 
European Union foreign ministers meeting here Monday were trying to reinforce a shaky new US-Russian-EU initiative to end the two-year civil war in Bosnia-Hercegovina.  The EU meeting followed agreement in Geneva on Saturday between the United States, Russia and five EU countries -- France, Britain, Germany, Belgium and Greece -- to push for a four-month ceasefire and new negotiations. 
The French airline Air Liberty is to complain to the commission of the European union to obtain equal treatment for all airlines at London Heathrow and Paris Orly airports, the company said on Monday.  The company said that it planned to open four daily flights between Orly and Heathrow from June 30. 
An artist who snipped off his pubic hair in public to protest press coverage of Singapore's gay community pleaded guilty Monday to obscenity.  Josef Ng Sing Chor faces up to three months jail and a fine of 2,000 Singapore dollars (1,290 US) or both when he comes up for sentencing before a judge Tuesday. 
French champions Paris Saint Germain snapped up Cannes manager Luis Fernandez on a two-year deal here on Monday.  Fernandez, a former Paris Saint Germain captain and French international midfielder, replaces Artur Jorge, ditched with a year of his contract to run despite winning the French title and reaching the European Cup Winners' Cup semi-finals. 
Experts here generally agree that the Federal Reserve will raise US short-term interest rates at a meeting here Tuesday -- but they are divided on the scale of the increase.  Some, including former Federal Reserve governor Wayne Angell, believe that when the US central bank's policy-making Open Market Committee meets Tuesday it will raise the overnight interbank rate from 3.75 percent to 4.25 percent and the discount rate from 3.00 percent to 3.50 percent. 
Kamuzu Banda, whose three decades of iron-fisted rule looked set to end Tuesday in Malawi's first multi-party polls, is virtually the last of Africa's veteran post-colonial leaders.  Banda, who officially turned 89 on Saturday but is believed to be in his nineties, stayed in the presidential race against four other candidates despite brain surgery last October and a leg ailment during the campaign. 
Palace officials confirmed Monday that King Norodom Sihanouk would leave Cambodia early for medical treatment in Beijing, as the Khmer Rouge blasted proposals for western powers to arm government forces.  The king was scheduled to return to China June 2 to resume treatment for cancer but, in despair at his inability to end Cambodia's ongoing conflict, he told journalists last week he was washing his hands of the situation and would leave Wednesday. 
German air carrier Lufthansa said Monday it cut its net losses to 92 billion marks (55 billion dollars) in 1993, against 391 millions the previous year, and announced moves to raise its capital.  The state-controlled concern, which is earmarked for a gradual full privatisation, announced that its supervisory board would recommend an increase in nominal capital of 565 billion marks to a July 6 shareholders' meeting. 
Sudan's Islamic fundamentalist military government and mainly Christian southern rebels opened a new round of Kenyan-mediated peace talks in Nairobi on Monday, Kenyan officials said.  Kenyan Foreign Minister Kalonzo Musyoka chaired the closed-door meeting between officials of the rebel Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) and the government, aimed at ending a conflict more than a decade old. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher stepped up efforts Monday to broker a Syrian-Israeli accord on the disputed Golan Heights as the official press called for a rapid Israeli pullout from the plateau.  A Western diplomat said Syria wanted an Israeli withdrawal to be completed within three years while Israel was proposing a timetable of five-to-eight years, starting with the return of three out of five Druze villages. 
The sufferings of Palestinians on the Gaza Strip were brought to the somewhat less harsh surroundings of the French riviera Monday, in a moving drama-documentary at the film festival here.  "Curfew," by 32-year-old director Rashid Masharawi, tells the story of 24 hours in the life of an ordinary family living under curfew in a refugee camp. It was made before the recent autonomy agreements reached with Israel. 
A train carrying more than 400 people from New York to Florida collided with a freight train before dawn Monday, killing at least two people and injuring 20 others, authorities said.  The collision ocurred about 40 miles north of Fayetteville, North Carolina at 4:32 a.m., Amtrak spokeswoman Pat Kelly said in Washington. 
The bank of Portugal spent nearly 250 billion escudos (1.45 billion dollars) in foreign currency to defend the escudo in March and April, the central bank said on Monday.  In April the bank used 43 billion escudos (250 million dollars) to support the escudo in addition to 205.7 billion escudos used in March. 
The cradle of two glorious Persian dynasties and with a culture dating back to the fifth century B.C., the southern Fars province and its capital Shiraz hope to attrack foreign tourists and hard currency after a 15-year hiatus.  The authorities have recently stepped up efforts to renovate the province's historical sites and architectural treasures after a long period of austerity imposed after the 1979 Islamic revolution and the ensuing war with Iraq. 
Around 9,000 miners returned to work Monday at South Africa's Kloof gold mine near Carletonville, 50 kilometres (30 miles) west of here, mine owners Gold Fields said.  The workers, who staged an 11-day strike to protest against the dismissal of a union activist, decided to return to work after a meeting Sunday addressed by National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) president J Motlatsi. 
The Channel tunnel will begin commercial operations this week with a first paying trip by a freight shuttle, Anglo-French operators Eurotunnel announced on Monday.  The trip will be by Thursday. 
The German airline Lufthansa cut its net losses to 92 billion marks (55 billion dollars) in 1993 from 391 million marks in 1992, the company said on Monday when it announced a plan to increase its capital.  The state-controlled concern, which is earmarked for a gradual full privatisation, announced that its supervisory board would recommend an increase in nominal capital of 565 million marks to a July 6 shareholders' meeting. 
The final decision to shut down the controversial Chernobyl nuclear power plant will be taken in July during the Group of Seven meeting in Naples, Italy, the Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Valery Shmarov said Monday.  Shmarov, quoted by ITAR-TASS news agency, said the Ukraine would need 10 years to shut down the plant and up to eight billion dollars. 
Kurdish rebels killed nine villagers in Edebuk and set fire to some houses in the eastern region of Erzincan, the Turkish news agency Anatolia reported on Monday.  The Kurds used machine-gun fire in the attack late on Sunday, the agency said. Only hours earlier Interior Minister Nahit Mentese had issued a statement saying that the separatist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) fighting the Turkish authorities for a decade was on the point of breaking up after a series of military defeats. 
Cambodian co-Premier Prince Norodom Ranariddh downplayed Monday reports of a Khmer Rouge attack on Mongkol Borey in northwest Cambodia, calling rebel activity in the area "hit and run."  "They destroyed one bridge in the Mongkol Borey area," the prince told journalists after he opened a prosthetics workshop here Monday. "It is hit and run," he said. 
The Channel tunnel will begin commercial operations this week with a first paying trip by a freight shuttle, Anglo-French operators Eurotunnel announced on Monday.  A Eurotunnel board meeting held Sunday took the decision following issue of an operating certificate by an Anglo-French commission on Saturday for freight trains operated by British Rail and the French railway company SNCF and for the shuttle, transporting goods vehicles. 
Palestinian police stepped in to save a leading PLO militant from being captured by the Israeli army, a senior PLO official said Monday.  The police intervened late Sunday as Fatah Hawks leader Ziad Gharman and nine other activists armed with M16, Uzi, and Kalashnikov machine guns, fled an Israeli patrol lying in wait on a road between Gaza City and Nuseirat, the official told AFP. 
Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic supports last Friday's Geneva declaration on Bosnia by representatives of the European Union. the United States and Russia, Russian special envoy to former Yugoslavia Vitali Churkin said Monday.  "President Milosevic and Belgrade fully support the Geneva declaration proposing an end to hostilities in Bosnia," the Tanjug news agency quoted Churkin as saying at the end of a 90-minute meeting with the Serbian leader. 
The drachma closed little changed here on Monday after the Bank of Greece had increased its overdraft rate for banks by three points to 33 percent to defend the currency.  The drachma closed at 148.08 to the mark against 147.70 at the close on Friday and was fixed at 247.97 to the dollar against 247.10. It was unchanged against the French franc at 43.19 to the franc. 
The French AXA SA insurance company increased consolidated sales by 25.5 percent in the first quarter of 1994 to 35.845 million francs (6.2 billion dollars) from 28.564 billion francs in the same period of last year, the company said on Monday.  Insurance business increased by 25.1 percent to 27.676 billion francs and sales of financial services rose by 27.0 percent to 8.164 billion francs. 
Northern troops loyal to Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh on Monday were pushing forward to capture the southern oil province of Shabwa, a northern spokesman in Sanaa said.  The northern forces are also on the move on three other fronts to blockade Vice-President Ali Salem al-Baid's stronghold of the southern port-city of Aden, and force him and his followers to surrender. 
British author Salman Rushdie was presented with the European prize for literature Monday by the Austrian Minister for Education and Culture Rudolf Scholten.  The prize, which was awarded to Rushdie in 1992 and includes a cash prize of 17,000 dollars, was handed over amid strict security at the ministry. 
A train carrying more than 400 people collided with a freight train before dawn Monday, killing one person and injuring more than 60 others, authorities said.  The collision ocurred about 40 miles north of Fayetteville, North Carolina at 4:32 a.m. (0832 GMT), Amtrak spokeswoman Pat Kelly said in Washington. 
A train carrying more than 400 people collided with a freight train before dawn Monday, killing one person and injuring more than 60 others, authorities said.  The collision ocurred about 40 miles north of Fayetteville, North Carolina at 4:32 a.m. (0832 GMT), Amtrak spokeswoman Pat Kelly said in Washington. 
The heaviest of the double magic nuclei, the tin 100 nucleus on the confines of stability, has been produced and identified, the French Atomic Energy Comission (CEA) said in a statement Monday.  The production of the tin 100 nucleus, which took place between April 22 and 29 in a joint effort by teams from Belgium, France, Germany, Poland, Romania and Russia is a world first. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, the Italian media magnate turned politician, had a decisive battle ahead of him on Monday in the Senate, where he lacks a majority.  The upper house of parliament has 326 seats, so Berlusconi needed the backing of 164 of them at the very least in order to win the vote of confidence due to be taken on Wednesday evening. 
Defence officials from Armenia and Azerbaijan began Russian-mediated consultations here Monday over the embattled Nagorno-Karabakh enclave in a new bid to set up official negotiations for a peace settlement.  Russian President Boris Yeltsin's special envoy Vladimir Kazimirov said the idea was to bring the parties together and arrange formal talks to reach a final agreement on an overall ceasefire, the withdrawal of troops and the stationing of a peace force from the Commonwealth of Independent States accompanied by international observers. 
Japan's Sumitomo Chemical Co. Ltd. slashed its group pre-tax earnings forecast for the year to December to 14 billion yen (135 million dollars) on Monday, down sharply from its earlier estimate of 27 billion yen.  The company, one of Japan's leading chemical concerns, blamed lower earnings at its pharmaceutical subsidiary and other units for the downward revision. 
The Philippines expects two billion dollars' worth of new aid commitments in a meeting with donor agencies and governments in Paris in July, Economic Planning Secretary Cielito Habito said here on Monday.  Habito said in a statement that the July 20-22 "pledging session" for the Philippine Assistance Program (PAP) in the French capital would complete agreements already discussed with donors over the past year. 
Swedish special steels and tools manufacturer Sandvik registered a profit after net financial items of 626 million kronor (80.2 million dollars) for the first three months of 1994, Sandvik said on Monday.  For the corresponding period last year, Sandvik reported a profit of 486 million kronor (62.3 million dollars). 
The French airline Air Liberte is to complain of discrimination by London Heathrow airport in a case for the commission of the European Union, the company said on Monday.  The company said that it planned to open four daily flights between Orly and Heathrow from June 30 but that it had not yet obtained flight slots enabling it to establish a coherent timetable. 
Japan supports Russia's participation in political talks of a summit to be held by the Group of Seven (G7) industrialised countries from July 8-10 in Naples, official sources said on Monday.  Dominant opinions at a G7 summit preparatory meeting held earlier this month in Italy supported Russia's participation in the political discussions, news reports said. 
Japanese steel production appeared to have bottomed out but steelmills might be forced to lower the prices of their products to compete with cheaper imports, a top industry leader said on Monday.  Hiroshi Saito, chairman of the Japan Iron and Steel Federation, told a news conference: "Suffice it to say that the steel output has bottomed out quantitatively." 
British tobacco-to-insurance giant BAT Industries on Monday signed an agreement with the government of the Republic of Uzbekistan to acquire 51 percent of Uz Tobacco AD, BAT said.  BAT said that under the agreement it would invest 200 million dollars in Uz Tobacco during the next five years, adding that its equity interest in the company would rise as capital was invested. 
The UN Commission on Human Rights will meet next week to discuss action regarding the bloodbath in Rwanda, where massacres have claimed some 200,000 lives in five weeks, the United Nations announced Monday.  The special session of the commission, to be held on May 24 and 25, was called by Canada on the recommendation of UN Commissioner for Human Rights Jose Ayala Lasso, who visited the Rwandan capital Kigali last week. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher met twice  here Monday with Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shara as the official press called for a rapid Israeli withdrawal from the annexed Golan Heights.  The second meeting came as state-run Damascus Radio praised the United States for making "intense and serious efforts to help the parties move closer together and push forward on the long road to peace." 
Aston Villa and England winger Tony Daley is set for a 1.3 million pound move to Wolves.  The fee has been agreed between the two clubs and Daley expects to speak to new Wolves manager Graham Taylor before he is due to depart on Villa's trip to South Africa on Thursday. 
New Zealander Robert Hall has reached the summit of Mount Lhotse, the Nepalese Tourism Ministry announced Monday.  Hall, accompanied by Edmond Viesturs, from the United States, reached the top of the 8,516 metre (27,938 foot) mountain earlier Monday after a nine and a half hour climb using the technically difficult and dangerous west face route, it said. 
At least seven people were killed and 70 injured when a bus plunged into a gorge in the northern Himalayan state of Himachal Pradesh on Monday, the Press Trust of India said.  The bus rolled down a 45 metre (150 foot) ravine near Bilaspur town, the news agency said. The injured included several children on their way to school. 
Mozambique's President Joaquim Chissano on Monday continued a round of provincial visits widely seen as the first, unofficial phase of his campaign ahead of October elections.  Chissano was awaited in northern Nampula, the nation's most populous province and crucial for an electoral victory. 
Kevin Richardson and Steve Bould will make their senior England debuts against Greece at Wembley on Tuesday night.  Blackburn goalkeeper Tim Flowers is also back after almost a year's wait for his second cap. And coach Terry Venables has also revived the international careers of Liverpool defender Rob Jones and Arsenal midfielder Paul Merson. 
South African gold output rose by 0.2 percent in April from the figure in March, the Chamber of Mines, representing major mining houses, said Monday.  April production was 50,658 kilograms compared with March's 50,557 kg, the chamber said. 
A three-member inspection team from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) arrived for a stopover in Beijing Monday en route for a key visit to a suspected nuclear bomb factory in North Korea, diplomats said.  The delegation, which will spend a day in China before leaving for Pyongyang, is headed by Olli Heinonen of Finland, with Vladimir Rukhlo, a Russian, and Jamaluddin Omar, a Tanzanian, they said. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher left for Israel on Monday after a day of hectic diplomacy in Syria to try and forge a peace accord on the disputed Golan Heights.  The secretary flew out of Damascus after two rounds of talks with Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shara and consultations with his advisors. Straight after arrival on Sunday, he held a four-hour meeting with President Hafez al-Assad. 
The French Atomic Energy Comission (CEA) on Monday announced a breakthrough in physics with the discovery of the fifth and heaviest of the so-called "double magic nuclei", an isotope of tin.  The isotope, known as tin 100, contains 50 protons and 50 neutrons, which makes it an unusually stable element. 
British author Salman Rushdie was presented with the European prize for literature Monday by the Austrian Minister for Education and Culture Rudolf Scholten.  The prize, which was awarded to Rushdie in 1992 and includes a cash prize of 17,000 dollars, was handed over amid strict security at the ministry. 
Formula One's drivers and team bosses backed new safety measures here on Monday following the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger.  Drivers representatives Michael Schumacher of Germany and Gerhard Berger of Austria took part in the meeting, which agreed unanimously to back the decision announced by governing body FIA. 
Rosemary West, wife of accused serial killer Frederick West, was Monday charged with the murder of a sixth young woman in the so-called "House of Horrors" killings.  Police said the latest charge against Rosemary West, 40, concerned the murder of Juanita Mott, who went missing in 1975 at the age of 18 and whose remains were unearthed at the Wests' house at 25 Cromwell Street. 
A goldminer was killed Monday in fighting between ANC supporters and Zulu Inkatha rivals at the Western Areas mine east of Johannesburg, mine owners Johannesburg Consolidated Investment (JCI) said.  The death brought to eight the number of miners killed in strife at the mine between backers of the Inkatha Freedom Party and South African President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress (ANC) since April 17, when the campaign for historic all-race elections was still under way. 
Swedish coach Tommy Svensson named his 22-man World Cup squad here on Monday.  Goalkeepers: Thomas Ravelli (IFK Goeteborg), Lars Eriksson (IFK Norrkoeping), Magnus Hedman (AIK) 
Shares in the Dutch state-owned postal and telecommunications business are to be quoted in privatised form for the first time on June 13 and are likely to be priced at 46-52 guilder each, the ABN-Amro bank said on Monday.  The bank is lead manager of the syndicate handling the introduction of shares in Koninklijke PTT Nederland (KPN). It is the biggest introduction ever made in The Netherlands. 
Petr Korda overcame a totally inadequate Stefan Edberg 6-1 6-4 to give the Czech Republic an early lead over Sweden at the World Team Cup.  The Swede managed to earn just four points in the first five games. Edberg finally held serve for 1-5, but Korda took the first set when Edberg hit a forehand long. 
China is viewing a split within a major Tibetan religious order with enthusiasm, seeing in it the chance of weakening one of the strongest voices of ethnic opposition to Beijing.  Reports of the rift have been given unusual prominence in the official media, and according to analysts, Beijing hopes the squabble will lead to the emergence of a pro-Beijing Tibetan leader akin to the former Panchen Lama, a rival to the Dalai Lama. 
Industrial production in the United States was up 0.3 percent in April for the 11th consecutive monthly increase, the Federal Reserve said Monday.  The rise was in line with what most economists had predicted. 
The European Union and Ukraine will sign a wide-ranging trade, cooperation and partnership agreement next month, an EU spokesman said during a meeting of EU foreign ministers here Monday.  The meeting also gave general support for proposals that the EU and other western countries should help pay for new nuclear power stations in Ukraine so that the dangerous Chernobyl nuclear power plant can be closed down. 
The Franco-British group GEC Alsthom has signed a letter of intent to set up a joint company for the manufacture of steam turbines and alternators in China, the company said on Monday.  The letter was signed with Beijing Heavy Electric machine works on Friday during a visit to Paris by the Mayor of Beijing, Li Qiyan. 
The chairman of Tibet's parliament-in-exile, Samdhong Rinpoche, said Monday that as a result of China's settlement policy, Chinese now outnumbered Tibetans in the country.  In a statement at the end of a visit to Germany, Rinpoche described the situation in Tibet as "extremely serious." 
Ukraine will take part in joint military maneuvres to be held in Poland this summer under the auspices of NATO's Partnership for Peace program, Defense Minister Vitaly Radetsky said Monday.  Polish, Hungarian and US troops are to take part in the June and July exercises with each party contributing a motorized unit and a group of officers, said Radetsky, cited by Interfax news agency. 
A helicopter that crashed and killed four soldiers in December while en route to pick up Malaysia's deputy premier, Anwar Ibrahimhad, had not been properly inspected, Defence Minister Najib Tun Razak said Monday.  An inquiry into the crash revealed that the pre-flight inspection was carried out under limited light at dawn, resulting in the "inspection not being done thoroughly," Najib was quoted by Bernama news agency as saying. 
Mali's government and the Azawad United Front Movement (MFUA) Movement of armed Tuareg groups have agreed to dismantle Tuareg bases and integrate guerrillas into the army, a joint statement said Monday.  After talks in Algiers, the Bamako government and the Front, which groups four Tuareg movements, signed an agreement on the number of MFUA fighters and cadres to wear "the uniform of the state" and on "socio-economic projects and the civil service," the statement said. 
Some 150 Danish schoolchildren aged between 14 and 16 will leave for holidays this year bearing lollipop, sweets, balloons and condoms, all part of a free and festive anti-AIDS packs provided by officials on this island of Fyn.  The Secretariat for the Prevention of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome of Fyn -- the island where Hans Christian Andersen wrote his tales -- has also included posters and a tee-shirt saying "Safer Sex" as well as a compact disc of US singer Bruce Springsteen's hit song from the film on AIDS, "Philadephia." 
Ukraine's Deputy Prime Minister Valery Shmarov requested between six and eight billion dollars Monday to close its controversial Chernobyl nuclear power plant, double the country's previous estimates.  Shmariov, quoted by ITAR-TASS agency, said a decision on the closure of the plant will be taken in July during the Group of Seven meeting in Naples, Italy. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher travelled to Israel on Monday with a Syrian call for a rapid Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights as part of a peace deal.  The secretary held two rounds of talks with Foreign Minister Faruq al- Shara, interspersed by consultations with his advisors. Straight after arrival on Sunday, he held a four-hour-meeting with President Hafez al-Assad. 
Wall Street stock prices were slightly down in quiet early trading Monday.  The bonds market was also quiet ahead of Tuesday's meeting of the Federal Reserve's Open Market committee at which it is expected to raise interest rates for the fourth time this year. 
The dollar was mixed in quiet early trading on Wall Street Monday ahead of Tuesday's meeting of the Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee.  The ounce of gold was 40 cents up from Friday's close at 381.10 dollars. 
The French food group BSN is soon to set up a joint-venture in China to produce yogurts under the Danone label, the company said on Monday.  Chinese authorities and the president of BSN, Antoine Ribaud, had signed a broad agreement on Wednesday during a visit to Paris by the Mayor of Beijing, Li Qiyan, the company said. 
Malawi's parliament on Monday passed a new interim constitution the very day before multi-party elections set to end three decades of paternalistic rule by veteran President Kamuzu Banda.  Justice Minister Lovemore Munlo presented the constitutional bill to 141 members of parliament from Banda's ruling Malawi Congress Party, in a special one-day session convened before 3.8 million Malawians are called to the polls. 
Former Mercedes-Benz designer Bela Barenyi, 87, inventor of the safety chassis, is be accorded a place in the Detroit Automotive Hall of Fame, the German automobile manufacturer announced.  He will join such names as Gottlieb Daimler, Robert Bosch, Rudolf Diesel and Henry Ford. 
Lung cancer will overtake breast cancer as the leading cause of cancer death among Canadian women this year, a government agency reported Monday.  Lung cancer will remain the leading cause of cancer death among men, Statistics Canada said, although the rate of lung cancer among men is holding steady while more women are dying from it. 
Somali bandits shot dead five Nepalese peacekeepers near Mogadishu's United Nations-controlled airport Monday, a UN spokesman said.  Two Somalis were also wounded in the shootout, which brought the number of UN soldiers killed in Somalia to more than 80 since the world body took over the military intervention in the Horn of Africa country from the United States in May 1993, spokesman Huntley Anderson said here. 
Britain's Prince Charles arrived Monday in Saint Petersburg for a three-day visit, the first by a British royal to the former Russian imperial capital in 100 years.  The heir to the British throne was scheduled to visit the tomb of Russia's last imperial family, the Romanovs, overthrown and murdered by the Bolsheviks in 1917. The Romanovs were related by blood to the British royal family. 
Two heavy artillery shells hit Tuzla on Monday, the second such attack in less than 24 hours, witnesses said.  It was not immediately clear whether the attacks claimed victims or caused any damage. 
Irish World Cup keeper Pat Bonner was ditched by Scottish club here on Monday.  Bonner responded: "The World Cup will be a showpiece for me to show that I can still perform at the highest level." 
A 19-year-old youth was charged Monday with serious public order offences relating to an attack by skinheads on a group of Aricans in the eastern German town of Magdeburg, the state public prosecutor announced.  The youth, believed to be one of the ringleaders of the violence, was the first person charged in connection with the rioting. He was remanded after reportedly being positively identified by several witnesses. 
French intellectuals will present a "Sarajevo list" in the European elections on June 12 to denounce European inaction over Bosnia, French philospher Andre Gluckman said on Monday.  Gluckman said the intention was "to explain to Europeans in general and to the French people in particular that their future is at stake over there (in Bosnia)." 
A woman who says she is facing the same fate as her twin sister who died a month ago of the "slimmer's disease", anorexia nervosa, has left hospital against medical advice, doctors said Monday.  Samantha Kendall, 27, had been scheduled to leave for Canada last Saturday for a new anorexic treatment at a Vancouver, British Columbia, clinic after unsuccessful treatment in Britain. 
The defection of an expected senatorial ally increased pressure Monday on Italy's new Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi as he faced a decisive battle to win backing from parliament's upper house, where he lacks a majority.  The Senate has 326 seats, so the media magnate turned politician needs the backing of at least 164 members to win the vote of confidence in his new administration due to be taken Wednesday evening. 
British author Salman Rushdie was presented with the European prize for literature Monday by the Austrian Minister for Education and Culture Rudolf Scholten.  The prize, which was awarded to Rushdie in 1992 and includes a cash prize of 17,000 dollars, was handed over amid strict security at the ministry. 
Jewish settlers shot and lightly wounded a Palestinian in the Israeli- occupied West Bank town of Hebron on Monday, the army said.  An army spokesman said the settlers, who were on foot at a crossroads, fired "in the air" after coming under attack from Palestinian stone- throwers. There was no immediate Palestinian comment on the incident. 
Armenian and Azeri defence ministers agreed to a ceasefire in Nagorno- Karabakh Monday, signing a preliminary accord here for the deployment of peacekeepers in the disputed enclave, the Interfax agency said.  The warring parties, meeting under Russian mediation together with the enclave's separatist Armenian authorities, agreed to a total ceasefire to come into effect at 0000 hours Tuesday (2000 GMT Monday), the agency said. 
Nigeria's newest political movement urged the military government on Monday to call on Chief Moshood Abiola, barred from heading a civilian government last year, to form a broad-based national government by the end of the month.  The National Democratic Coalition, set up last Friday despite a ban on political gatherings since General Sani Abacha took power in November, said Nigerians should boycott a constitutional conference the authorities were planning for June 27. 
Local authorities, with the help of police, recovered a large tract of land Monday allegedly held by Pakistan opposition leader Nawaz Sharif illegally.  Accompanied by hundreds of armed policemen, the Punjab government officials reclaimed 29,160 square metres (3.24 million square feet) of public land Sharif, a former premier, allegedly fenced in around his residence. 
Kang Yong-Sop, a member of North Korea's Supreme People's Assembly, or parliament, will attend a three-day religious conference opening here May 31, a news report said Monday.  Kang, chairman of the central committee of the Korean Christians' Federation and vice chairman of the Korea-Japan Friendship Association, is expected to arrive in Tokyo on May 27, Kyodo News Service said. 
Two mortar rounds, allegedly fired by Khmer Rouge troops, struck the Cambodian market town of Poipet Monday night, killing one villager and injuring 13 others, a Thai military official said.  Five of the injured were brought to Thailand for emergency medical treatment, he said. 
Iran Air inaugurated a weekly flight to Kazakhstan on Monday, the official news agency IRNA said.  Vice President Hassan Habibi and visiting Kazakh Prime Minister Sergei Tershenko attended the launch of the Tehran-Alma Ata link, which is to start officially on Friday. 
At least 25 people were killed and 38 injured when a speeding passenger train came off the rails Monday in eastern Burma, state-run Radio Rangoon reported.  The accident occured near Kayar village, about 400 kilometers (250 miles) east of Rangoon, according to the broadcast monitored here. 
A passenger train carrying more than 400 people hit a loose truck trailer and jumped its tracks before dawn Monday, killing one person and seriously injuring four people, authorities said.  More than 170 other people suffered lesser injuries in the collision, which ocurred about 40 miles (65 kilometers) north of Fayetteville, North Carolina at 4:32 a.m. (0832 GMT), Amtrak spokeswoman Pat Kelly said in Washington. 
A prosecutor at a district court in Surabaya, East Java, on Monday sought 13-year jail terms for two security guards at a watch plant for allegedly killing a labour activist whose death touched off a political storm.  The news agency Antara quoted prosecutor Sirajuddin Ardan as saying that the defendants, identified as Sup and Swn, had admitted to being involved in the killing of Marsinah, a worker activist at the PT Catur Putra Surya (CPS) watch plant. 
Northern troops on Monday captured the south's main air base of Al- Anad which controls a key highway leading to the southern stronghold of Aden, the official Yemeni news agency Saba said.  The agency, run by the north, said Saleh's troops were "mopping up the last pockets of the rebel forces in Al-Anad base," around 60 kilometres (35 miles) north of the port city. 
A draft European Union plan to fight unemployment through investments and business deregulation ran into strong opposition from Britain and Germany here on Monday.  European Commission president Jacques Delors urged foreign ministers to push the plan forward over the heads of finance ministers who were meeting separately and are balking at finding money for massive capital investments. 
President Suharto told visiting New Zealand Prime Minister Jim Bolger on Monday that recent criticism in his country over human rights in East Timor was based on inaccurate information, an official said.  State Secretary Murdiono said that the two leaders agreed on the need for an exchange of visits between legislators from both countries to clear up any misunderstanding. 
The Tanzanian government has said the influx of hundreds of thousands of Rwandan refugees into the country poses a great danger to the environment and urged the international community to help.  An estimated 320,000 Rwandans fleeing savage ethnic massacres in their country have entered neighbouring Tanzania during the past month and more are arriving at the rate of 1,400 daily, UN officials said. 
Rwandan rebels took control Monday of part of the road leading from the capital Kigali to Gitarama, a town to the southwest where the interim government has taken refuge, rebel radio said.  The seizure of the stretch of highway, where a mercy mission convoy with a French former government minister aboard came under rebel fire on Sunday, was confirmed to AFP by the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR), contacted from Nairobi. 
Ukraine's Deputy Prime Minister Valery Shmarov requested between six and eight billion dollars Monday to close its controversial Chernobyl nuclear power plant, double the country's previous estimates.  Shmariov, quoted by ITAR-TASS agency, said a decision on the closure of the plant will be taken in July during the Group of Seven (G7) meeting in Naples, Italy. 
The world's largest automaker General Motors said Monday that its subsidiary Electronic Data Systems (EDS) and the telecommunications company Sprint were considering a merger.  In a separate joint press statement, EDS and Sprint, the third largest US telecommunications company, also confirmed that merger talks were underway. 
Britain presented its bid for the Golden Palm at the Cannes film festival Monday, an archetypally English story of restrained emotions and dormitory mischief set in a public school.  Starring Albert Finney and Greta Scacchi, "The Browning Version" provoked immediate comparisons with such sure-fire English hits as Merchant-Ivory's "Remains of the Day" or Robin Williams' "Dead Poet's Society." 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi pledged here Monday that his new administration would adhere to Italy's democratic structures, despite "legitimate concerns" over the presence of neo-fascists in the cabinet.  In a speech to the Senate, the upper house, Berlusconi clarified what he called "legitimate concerns," notably voiced abroad, over the make- up of his government, and warned opposition parliamentarians against voting his team out of office. 
Wall Street stock prices rebounded after a sluggish start Monday fueled by lower long-term interest rates.  The key market indicator, the 30-year Treasury issue fell to 7.45 percent from 7.49 percent at Friday's close ahead of a widely expected new interest rates hike by the Federal Reserve at its Open Market Committee meeting Tuesday. 
Between 500 and 600 British companies have opened an account with Eurotunnel to transport freight through the Channel tunnel, a spokesman for the British Freight Transport Association (FTA) said on Monday.  But this did not mean that they would use the tunnel because many companies were now being offered reductions of fares for crossing by ferry, he said. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher arrived in Israel on Monday with a Syrian call for a rapid Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights as part of a peace deal.  Christopher was to meet Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin later the same day. 
Northern troops on Monday captured the south's main air base of Al- Anad which controls a key highway leading to the southern stronghold of Aden, the official Yemeni news agency Saba said.  The agency, run by the north, said Saleh's troops were "mopping up the last pockets of the rebel forces in Al-Anad base," around 60 kilometres (35 miles) north of the port city. 
The Israeli army quit Gaza City's central prison and military administration buildings on Monday and was set to complete its withdrawal from the Palestinian self-rule areas by Tuesday.  After the pullout of Israeli troops, 150 Palestinian police took control of the prison as hundreds of people celebrated outside and armed Fatah activists fired off automatic weapons into the air. 
A condemned man who weighs more than 400 pounds (181 kilograms) is too heavy to be hanged without also losing his head, his lawyer is arguing.  Mitchell Rupe, who is sentenced to die for the 1981 murders of two bank tellers during a bank robbery, was likely to be decapitated if hanged, said the lawyer, Todd Mayburn. 
Two heavy artillery shells hit a residential area of the mainly Moslem industrial town of Tuzla on Monday, causing panic as residents fled the streets, witnesses said.  Meanwhile in Belgrade, Russian special envoy to former Yugoslavia Vitaly Churkin emerged from a meeting with Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic to say he would "very soon" recommend to UN special envoy Yasushi Akashi a meeting of the warring parties to negotiate an end to the Bosnian fighting. 
England are to play the West Indies in a six-Test home series for the first time ever next summer.  The sides will also play three one-day matches. 
A blind, 87-year-old incumbent running for his seventh term and a black politician were vying for the Dominican presidency Monday as voters went to the polls in elections clouded by crisis in neighboring Haiti.  Roughly 3.3 million people were eligible to vote, electing the Caribbean country's next president from a field of five candidates. 
In a break with long tradition, some specially-trained London police teams will openly carry hand guns and will not need prior permission to use them, Police Commissioner Paul Condon said Monday.  But he said general arming of the police was not in the offing. 
Peace talks between Sudanese government and rebels deadlocked here Monday, forcing a last-minute postponement of the signing of an acccord on passage of humanitarian aid in the war-torn south, a Kenyan foreign ministry source said.  The agreement on surface and air corridors for passage of relief supplies had been worked out last week at behind-the-scene consultations between Sudan's Islamic fundamentalist military government and representatives of the two factions of the rebel Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA). 
Malawi's parliament on Monday passed a new constitution the very day before multi-party presidential and general elections set to end three decades of paternalistic rule by the veteran Kamuzu Banda.  The interim constitution, hammered out by the rival political parties that have emerged in the past two years, enshrines political pluralism and human rights provisions, and substantially curtails presidential powers. 
The following is a thumbnail sketch of Malawi, which on Tuesday holds its first multi-party general and presidential elections since gaining independence from Britain in 1964.  GEOGRAPHY: A small sliver of land in southern Africa, a quarter of its 118,000 square kilometers (74,000 square miles) taken up by Lake Malawi. Its neighbors are Tanzania to the north, Mozambique to the east and south and Zambia to the west. 
Michael Chang withstood a vigorous challenge from Russia's Alexander Volkov to give the United States a 1-0 lead in the world Team Cup in Dusseldorf.  Volkov kept the outcome in doubt until the final game, but failed to make the most of the chances he created. The first came in the fifth game when he held four break points but Chang held for 3-2. 
World golf rankings published here on Monday:  1. Greg Norman (Australia)        21.96pts 
Armenia and Azerbaijan agreed Monday to a ceasefire in Nagorno- Karabakh, signing a preliminary accord here paving the way for an end to a six-year war over the disputed enclave, the Interfax agency said.  The warring parties' defence ministers, meeting under Russian mediation together with the enclave's separatist Armenian authorities, agreed to a total ceasefire to come into effect at 0000 hours Tuesday (2000 GMT Monday), the agency said. 
The Supreme Court has rejected an emergency petition to block a US soldier's transfer to a South Korean prison to serve a 15-year sentence for slaying a prostitute.  Private Kenneth Markle III was scheduled to be transfered Monday from an Army detention center in South Korea to the prison. 
The World Bank and the International Monetary Fund should be reformed or replaced because of their destructive policies, an environmental and human rights coalition said.  On Tuesday "50 Years is Enough", a coalition of 35 groups, will urge the United States, the largest contributor to the bank and the fund, to impose a moratorium on US payments until the institutions change their policies. 
The French computer group Bull said on Monday that reports that Bull and its Japanese partner NEC would reach an agreement on technological cooperation by June were premature.  A spokesman for Bull was commenting on Japanese press reports last week. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi pledged Monday that his administration would adhere to Italy's democratic structures, and admitted to "legitimate concerns" over the presence of neo-fascists in the cabinet.  In a speech to the Senate, the new premier acknowledged what he called "legitimate concerns," notably voiced abroad, over having five members of the neo-fascist National Alliance in his government, but warned opposition parliamentarians against voting his team out of office. 
Northern troops said they captured the south's main air base of Al- Anad on Monday as Yemen's President Ali Abdallah Saleh ordered southern leaders to either surrender or flee the country to end the civil war.  Saleh's troops also opened a new front in the eastern oil province of Shabwa, as the south, facing a siege of its Aden stronghold, renewed calls for a ceasefire. 
A bomb exploded in the administrative offices of the Turkish postal service Monday, killing one person and injuring another, both believed to be involved in planting the device, police said.  The afternoon blast took place in the toilets of the building. 
Prices on the London Metals Exchange (LME) were little changed on Monday against a background of profit taking, dealers said.  On Friday the price of copper had risen to a 14-month high and nickel to a 16-month high. 
French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur said on Monday that veterans of the Normandy landings would be given accommodation priority for 50th anniversary celebrations next June 6, his office reported.  Balladur, who held a ministerial meeting to discuss preparations for the anniversary, said that of 60,000 available places, "45,000 would be reserved for veterans, 28,500 of them in official ceremonies," a communique said. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher arrived in Tel Aviv on Monday with reactions from Syria to Israel's peace package after Damascus called for a "reasonable" withdrawal timetable for the Golan Heights.  Christopher's scheduled talks with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin were put off from Monday evening to Tuesday, state radio reported without any explanation. 
The dollar fell here on Monday, shedding gains in response to publication of figures for US industrial production in April which were in line with expectations.  The dollar closed here at 1.6730 marks, having risen during early trading to 1.6775 marks. It closed at 104.85 yen having reached 105.20 yen on Asian markets during the night. 
The French manufacturer Roussel Uclaf has agreed to give patent rights to its abortion drug RU486 to the Population Council, which will begin trials in the United States later this year, US officials said Monday.  The council, a non-profit corporation, will test the drug on 2,000 American women at more than 12 sites around the country, said Representative Ron Wyden. 
European Union foreign ministers gave their formal and unanimous endorsement here Monday to a new US-Russian-EU effort to end the two- year war in Bosnia-Hercegovina.  The decision followed an agreement in Geneva on Saturday between the United States, Russia and five EU countries -- France, Britain, Germany, Belgium and Greece -- to push for a four-month ceasefire and new negotiations. 
Iran on Monday cancelled a planned anti-US rally by its pilgrims in Mecca, the site in Saudi Arabia of Islam's holiest sites, television announced here.  The decision came after Saudi security forces surrounded the pilgrims' camp where the demonstration was scheduled to take place on Tuesday. 
US and Japanese negotiators will meet here Thursday to discuss the trade dispute which has soured relations between the world's two largest economic powers, a White House official said Monday.  Earlier talks broke down in February when then Japanese prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa and President Bill Clinton failed to see eye-to-eye at a White House summit meeting. 
Share prices here fell slightly on Monday but firmed in Paris and Frankfurt.  In London prices rose initially but were then dragged down by weakness on Wall Street where interest rates are expected to rise on Tuesday. The Footsie index of 100 leading shares fell by 3.6 points or by 0.1 percent to 3,115.6 points. Gilt-edged stock rose by up to nearly one point. 
The third fragment of Polish director Krzysztof Kieslowski's multi- hued trilogy was coloured in Monday with the Cannes premiere of "Three Colours Red."  But Kieslowski, presenting his sequel to "Blue" and "White" in competition here, insisted that the three films were presented as individual episides rather than as a unified whole. 
President Bill Clinton made up for hurriedly anouncing his nomination of Stephen Breyer to the Supreme Court last week by formally presenting him at a White House gathering on Monday.  Clinton urged a quick confirmation for Breyer, who he said had a "gift as a consensus-builder," and predicted that the nominee he passed over last year would become "one of our nation's outstanding justices." 
Russia's imperialist past greeted Prince Charles on Monday as he began an historic three-day visit to Saint Petersburg by inspecting the tombs of the Romanov Czars, who were related by blood to the British royal family.  But the prince, the first British royal to visit the former Russian imperial capital in 100 years, played down the symbolic importance of the encounter, spending only a short time in front of the graves of Peter the Great, Paul I and Alexander I. 
Carlos Allende, a nephew of the late Chilean president Salvador Allende, was found dead in his hotel room here Monday, police said.  Allende, 52, apparently died of heart attack, sources said. 
Iran on Monday cancelled an anti-US rally by its pilgrims in the Moslem holy city of Mecca after Saudi security forces surrounded their camp, television announced here.  Saudi authorities warned last week that they would not allow Iranian pilgrims to carry out their demonstrations in Mecca, home to Islam's holiest sites. 
Kmart, the second largest discount store chain, reported first quarter earnings of 18 million dollars, down from 23 million dollars a year ago.  The earnings figures include a one-time charge for the sale of its Pace Club stores and Payless drug stores. Excluding the charge, its earnings were 58 milion dollars. 
Wal-Mart, the biggest US discount store chain, announced Monday first quarter earnings of 498 million dollars, up from 450 million dollars a year ago.  The earnings figure amounts to 22 cents a share for the quarter ending April 30, compared to 20 cents a share the same quarter last year. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi pledged Monday that his administration would adhere to Italy's democratic structures, and admitted to "legitimate concerns" over the presence of neo-fascists in the cabinet.  Presenting his government program in a speech to the Senate, the new premier acknowledged what he called "legitimate concerns," notably voiced abroad, over having five members of the neo-fascist National Alliance in his government. 
Rwandan rebels sealed the road from the embattled capital Kigali to Gitarama, where the government fled last month as ethnic carnage engulfed the country, a UN official said Monday.  The army denied that their foes had seized control of a stretch of the road from Kigali to Gitarama, 40 kilometres (25 miles) to the southwest. 
Pakistani para-military forces opened fire Monday on a crowd demanding the enforcement of Islamic law, killing at least 10 people and injuring 28, witnesses and hospital sources said.  The clash between the militia and demonstrators occurred at Buner, some 80 kilometers (50 miles) from here in northwest Pakistan. 
Sunburned, poisoned, drowned, slaughtered and starved, the world's sea mammals face extinction by the end of the 21st century unless they are better protected, an environmental group warned Tuesday.  "Under Fire," a survey by the London-based Environmental Investigation Agency (EIA), says human-induced factors spell doom for the earth's whales, dolphins and porpoises. 
Mexican Secretary of Health Jesus Kumate was elected head of the World Health Organization's executive board, the agency said.  Kumate, who will head the 31-member board for a year, takes over from Syrian Health Minister Iyad Shatti. 
Ukraine will have sent all of its remaining nuclear warheads to Russia for dismantling within four years, Defence Minister Vitaly Radetsky said Monday, according to Interfax.  "Everything is progressing according to schedule," General Radetsky said, adding that loading a train with warheads takes about one month. 
Israeli settlers and troops shot and wounded 16 Palestinians in the mosque massacre town of Hebron on Monday in full view of international observers.  A spokesman for the observers, known as the Temporary International Presence in Hebron, said the violence erupted as settlers leaving their settlement near the Tomb of the Patriarchs fired at Palestinian youths. 
The Canadian firm Canoxy has suspended operations in the Masila oilfield because of Yemen's civil war, Western sources in this southern port city said Monday.  They said tankers had stopped loading from the southeastern Mukalla terminal to where the Masila crude arrives by pipeline, because of higher insurance premiums. 
US and Japanese negotiators will meet here Thursday to discuss the trade dispute which has soured relations between the world's two largest economic powers, a White House official said Monday.  Earlier talks broke down in February when then Japanese prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa and President Bill Clinton failed to see eye-to-eye at a White House summit meeting. 
The dollar was mixed Monday in quiet trading ahead of this week's meeting of the Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee, which is expected to raise short-term interest rates.  The ounce of gold fell 70 cents to 380 dollars from Friday's close. 
Haiti's caretaker prime minister, Robert Malval, urged government employees Monday to resist the authority of a military-backed president sworn in last week.  "The outgoing government which represents constitutional legality is hereby informing you that any instruction coming from him is null and that you have the right and even the duty to ignore it," said Malval in a press conference at his home here. 
French objections to Russian sales of cheap uranium held up a decision by European Union foreign ministers here Monday to sign a new trade, cooperation and partnership accord with Russia.  But diplomats predicted that the agreement would be wrapped up in mid- June. 
The US ambassador to Damascus will protest to the Syrian government over an article in an official newspaper alleging "Jewish propaganda" in the American press, a US official said Monday.  The Syria Times published an editorial headlined "Israeli minsinformation campaign" on Saturday, the eve of the arrival of US Secretary of State Warren Christopher. 
Imran Khan was right to resign from the International Cricket Council after he admitted tampering with a ball, it was claimed on Monday.  ICC chief executive David Richards said: "It's sad that a player of Imran's ability found it necessary to interfere with a ball. 
French Open tennis seedings published here on Monday:  Men 
Monday's cricket scores:  Britannic Championship 
Britain presented its bid for the Golden Palm here Monday, as the half-way point in the 47th Internatonal Film Festival loomed with no clear favourite in sight.  On the fourth full day of the world's biggest filmfest, Poland's Krzysztof Kieslowski also presented "Red," the third part of his "Colours" trilogy which is also vying for the top prize. 
Italy's new prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi, has been invited to visit London for a meeting with British Prime Minister John Major, British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd said here Monday.  He was speaking during a meeting of EU foreign ministers -- the first attended by Italy's new foreign minister, Antonio Martino. 
President Nelson Mandela has promised to donate part of his salary to charity organisations for neglected and orphaned children, the domestic news agency SAPA reported Monday.  Mandela, inaugurated last Tuesday as South Africa's first democratically-elected president, made the promise Saturday when he attended the funeral of Zwelinbanzi Hani, the father of assassinated South African Communist Party chief Chris Hani who was slain in April last year. 
Saudi Arabia's flag carrier will resume its flights to the Lebanese capital next week, after a 10-year break because of the war, the Saudi ambassador announced Monday.  Abdallah al-Kuhaimi told reporters that Saudia would start flights to Beirut International Airport after the Moslem feast of Al-Adha, on Saturday. 
Northern troops on Monday captured the south's main air base of Al- Anad which controls a key highway leading to the southern stronghold of Aden, the official Yemeni news agency Saba said.  However, the report was immediately denied by a southern military spokesman quoted on Aden television. He nevertheless acknowledged that northern troops had advanced on the facility. 
The United States may soon put Pakistan on the list of countries it deems to be backing international terrorism, State Department spokesman Michael McCurry said Monday.  "The activity that we are aware of in support of Kashmiri militants is something that we monitor, and if that were in the category of repeated instances of state sponsorship of terrorism, that could lead to a different determination" on the status of US policy toward Pakistan, the spokesman said. 
Budapest Municipal Court on Monday ordered the dissolution of the neo- Nazi World National Party for the People's Rule, the MTI news agency reported.  The court ruled that the organisation violated legislation on human dignity, personal rights and the right to association. The party is to appeal. 
An Iraqi oil delegation is to visit Italy and the Ukraine later this month to discuss cooperation, the Cyprus-based Middle East Economic Survey (MEES) said Monday.  The delegation headed by oil ministry undersecretary Taha Humud is to hold talks in Rome with Agip on "possible production-sharing agreements for the southern Iraqi oilfields of Nassiriya, Halfaya and Dujaila." 
Gianfranco Fini, leader of the neo-fascist National Alliance, is to withdraw a parliamentary bill seeking to rescind a constitutional ban on reforming Italy's Fascist party, news reports said.  According to a report Monday afternoon from the Italian agency AGI, Fini signed an Alliance motion calling for the repeal of an article in Italy's constitution outlawing the party led by Mussolini. 
EU and UN mediators on ex-Yugoslavia set off for Belgrade on Monday to seek backing from Serb leaders for a new multinational plan to end the two-year war in Bosnia-Hercegovina, diplomats here said.  European Union mediator Lord Owen and his UN counterpart Thorvald Stoltenberg left here tasked with persuading Serb leaders to accept a four-month ceasefire in the former Yugoslav republic and fresh negotiations, the sources said. 
Israel soldiers and Palestinian police will stage their first joint patrols on the Gaza Strip from Saturday, a senior member of the new force told AFP.  The patrols began in Jericho, the other autonomous enclave, last Friday, as soon as more than 400 men arrived in the West Bank town to take over from the Israelis. 
Haiti's army-backed president named a cabinet of government bureaucrats and a Canadian resident Monday after the country's major political parties refused to join his government.  The announcement came hours after the outgoing prime minister, Robert Malval, urged government employees to refuse to obey the government of Emile Jonassaint, 81, who was sworn in last week by the military government that overthrew exiled President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in October 1991. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher met Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin here Monday after arriving from Syria with reactions to Israel's peace package for the Golan, state radio reported.  Plans for a formal session at the defence ministry in Tel Aviv were cancelled but the two men then decided to talk at Rabin's official residence in Jerusalem. 
South African President Nelson Mandela is to attend the Organisation of African Unity summit in Tunis next month, Tunisian Foreign Minister Habib Ben Yahia said Monday.  Speaking during a meeting here to prepare the summit Yahia said Mandela's presence at the June 13 to 15 meeting would mark a "decisive turning point" in the OAU's history and would have "considerable political impact." 
The Roman Catholic bishop mediating between Mexico's federal government and ethnic-Maya rebels met with Vatican officials Monday for what the cleric described as very satisfying talks.  Monsignor Samuel Ruiz, bishop of San Cristobal de las Casas in Chiapas state, said he had come to Rome on his own initiative. 
Marion Barry, the former Washington mayor who served six months in prison after being filmed smoking crack cocaine, hit the campaign trail Monday with his eye on his old office.  Barry, who said he would formally launch his campaign over the weekend, picked up petition forms needed to become a candidate on Monday. 
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, is Tuesday to begin a four-day state visit to Britain at the invitation of Queen Elizabeth II.  It will be Mugabe's first state visit to Britain in the 14 years since he took over as head of state from the former colonial power in elections in 1980. 
Confident Barcelona boss Johan Cruyff predicted AC Milan defender Franco Baresi's absence could prove crucial in the European Cup on Wednesday.  "It's very important, to them and to us," said Cruyff. "He's fundamental to their defensive organisation." 
Argentina would request Margaret Thatcher's extradition if the Falklands War sinking of an Argentine ship is determined to have been a war crime, President Carlos Menem said Monday.  The Argentine navy has said the cruiser General Belgrano was outside the war zone, and not engaged in combat, when it was hit by a torpedo fired by the British submarine Conquerer during the 74-day war over the South Atlantic islands in 1982. 
Anna Smashanova, a 17-year-old Minsk-born Israeli, upset home home Emanuela Zardo in straight-sets in the first-round of the 150,000 dollar women's tennis tournament here Monday.  Smashanova, who recently entered the top-100, first hit the headlines in 1991 when she won the French Open junior crown. 
Renewed threats of strikes by civil servants in former black homelands pose a potential crisis for President Nelson Mandela's six-day-old government.  Some 30,000 civil servants of the former Lebowa, Gazankulu and Venda black homelands threatened to resume strikes Tuesday unless their demands for increased salaries are met, according to the Sowetan newspaper Monday. 
England go into the opening match of their South African rugby union tour against Orange Free State Wednesday with a distinct height advantage in the shape of the tallest lock-forward in the world -- Martin Bayfield.  Team manager Jack Rowell said he had picked a team with a blend of youth and experience, saying: "Hopefully we will be able to field a squad of inter-changeable players by the time we return for the World Cup in 1995." 
US Defence Secretary William Perry arrived in Ottawa on Monday to discuss possible US and Canadian participation in any international military intervention in Haiti and the future of a joint defence pact between Canada and the United States.  Perry, who is scheduled to meet with his Canadian counterpart David Collenette, Foreign Minister Andre Ouellet and Prime Minister Jean Chretien during his two-day visit, said of Haiti: "We would hope that Canada would be a part of that peacekeeping force." 
Republic of Ireland manager Jack Charlton Monday night named a 22-man squad for World Cup warm-up games against Bolivia in Dublin on May 24 and Germany in Hanover five days later.  Barring injuries, the same players are likely to carry Irish hopes in the finals in America next month. 
Surrey skipper Alec Stewart savoured his side's remarkable unbeaten start to the season on Monday but said: "We are not getting carried away."  The Britannic Assurance Championship leaders crushed Derbyshire by an innings and 138 runs at The Oval. And not even a superb century by Chris Adams -- his second against Surrey in successive days -- could prevent them making it eight wins out of eight in all competitions. 
Hong Kong and US businessmen, fearful of losing billions of dollars in trade, have launched the most intense lobbying campaign in years to press President Bill Clinton to renew China's most favored nation trade status.  The Hong Kong Trade Council has spent millions of dollars to lobby Congress while blue-chip executives have power-lunched with congressmen and deluged the White House with letters and calls, all demanding that China not be stripped of MFN. 
Libya's foreign minister spent the weekend in Paris on a private visit that infuriated relatives of people who died in a French airliner bombing blamed on Tripoli, sources said.  It was not immediately known if the minister, Omar Al-Muntasser, met with French government officials, the sources said. 
Spanish golfer Seve Baellesteros has been offered the chance of a face-to-face meeting with Ryder Cup Committee officials to repeat the claims of bribery that led to him resigning the Committee at the weekend.  European tour boss Ken Schofield said: "I rather doubt that these allegations are true. But our job is to get right down to the facts." 
Northern Yemeni forces Monday seized the main air base in the rival south.  An AFP photographer saw about 50 soldiers on the outskirts of the Al- Anad base and on two main roads leading to Sanaa in the north. The base is about 50 kilometers (30 miles) north of the southern stronghold of Aden. 
Wall Street stock prices came back cautiously Monday, fueled by lower long-term interest rates on the eve of a key Federal Reserve board meeting.  The Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials finished 11.82 points higher at 3,671.50 points with 235 million shares changing hands. 
Former Bolivian dictator Luis Garcia Meza, 62, denied murder and corruption charges during a hearing here Monday on whether he should be extradited to Bolivia.  Garcia Meza, a former general who was convicted for murder, corruption and abuse of authority in absentia in Bolivia in April 1993, was detained here on March 11. He ruled Bolivia for 14 months from 1980-1981. 
The dollar was mixed at the end of the day Monday in quiet trading ahead of this week's meeting of the Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee, which is expected to raise short-term interest rates.  The ounce of gold rose to 383.00 dollars, up 2.30 dollars from Friday's close. 
Northern Yemeni forces Monday seized the main air base in the rival south.  An AFP photographer saw about 50 northern soldiers on the outskirts of the Al-Anad base and on two main roads leading to Sanaa in the north. The base is about 50 kilometers (30 miles) north of the southern stronghold of Aden. 
Pele will forever be associated with World Cup football and there is every likelihood the Boys from Brazil will again triumph in the United States in July.  Brazil are the only side to have played in all 14 previous tournaments, winning in 1958, 1962 and 1970, and they also looked good enough to win in 1982 and 1986. 
Libya's foreign minister spent the weekend in Paris on a private visit that infuriated relatives of people who died in a French airliner bombing blamed on Tripoli.  The French foreign ministry said the minister, Omar Al-Muntasser, came to Paris on a private visit but insisted he had no meetings with government officials. 
Northern Yemeni forces Monday seized the rival south's main air base, which controls a highway leading to the southern stronghold of Aden.  An AFP photographer saw about 50 northern soldiers on the outskirts of the Al-Anad base and on roads leading to Sanaa in the north and to Aden further south. 
bt Galatasaray (Turkey) 0-0, 3-0: bt Monaco (France) 2-0, 1-0: bt Spartak Moscow (Rus) 2-2, 5-1  Semi-final: 
A brief history of the World Cup:  1904: The first meeting of FIFA takes place in Paris, without the British associations, and awards itself the exclusive right to stage a world championship. 
Former opposition Labour cabinet minister Bryan Gould, Monday night officially resigned as an MP to return to his native New Zealand to take up an academic post.  Gould, 55, had announced his intention to resign three months ago. He unsuccessfully fought the Labour leader John Smith, who died last Thursday, for the leadership in 1992. 
UN forces Monday intercepted a column of 10 Bosnian Croat tanks near Tomislavgrad, 70 kilometers (40 miles) west of Sarajevo, and persuaded them to turn around and go back, a UN spokesman said.  The Soviet-made tanks were stopped by British UN peacekeepers in a Croat-controlled area that is generally demilitarized under an agreement reached in February calling for the creation of a Croat- Moslem federation in Bosnia, spokesman Eric Chaperon said. 
Germany's minister for conservation and nuclear safety, Klaus Topfer, was elected Monday as president of the UN commission for sustainable development.  Topfer, who succeeds Malaysian Ambassador Ismail Razali, said in his inaugural speech that environmental policy also was "peace policy," and stressed the panel's role was to implement the principles agreed two years ago at the Rio de Janeiro conference on the environment. 
The car crash that landed Hungarian Socialist Party (HSP) leader Imre Konya in hospital three days before the first round of legislative elections could have been staged by the HSP, Hungary's Interior Minister Imre Konya claimed Monday.  In an escalation of the row over the May 5 crash, which left Horn with concussion, a broken neck vertebra and a broken wrist, Konya told the MTI news agency that if prearranged, the accident could have been organised by Horn's opponents inside the HSP, "all the more so as the HSP could gain an advantage from the accident in the elections". 
Turnout was high Monday as Dominican voters cast ballots for a new president, but some black citizens of Haitian origin were turned away from the polls.  The top two candidates were President Joaquin Balaguer, a blind 87 -year-old who has loomed large over the Dominican Republic's politics since dictator Rafael Trujillo was assassinated in 1961, and social democrat Jose Francisco Pena Gomez, 57, who aspires to be the country's first black president. 
The United States again Monday blocked the deployment of 5,500 UN troops to Rwanda to protect refugees who have fled genocidal massacres over the past five weeks, western diplomats said.  The United States blocked a Friday vote on the deployment and has since presented nine amendments to the deployment resolution, conditioning the expansion of the UN troops' mandate on availability of resources and the consent of the parties to the conflict. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao pitched his country as a fast-moving, pro-investment place to do business in an address to US business leaders Monday.  Rao, the first Indian prime minister to visit the United States in seven years, also vowed that the sweeping economic reforms he began when he took office three years ago would continue. 
Negotiators at Angola peace talks here began their second round on national reconciliation Monday by nailing down consensus on two of the five points they had failed to agree upon over a month ago.  Diplomatic sources monitoring the talks told AFP that rebel UNITA and MPLA government negotiators have resolved the issue of extending central administration to areas controlled by UNITA and of what to do with state property in the hands of the rebel movement. 
The BBC Monday revealed "new evidence", filmed with a secret camera, of the desperate conditions of an estimated ten million prisoners in China's forced labour camps.  The footage will be shown to US Congressmen this week as they debate whether or not to renew China's trading status as a most favoured nation, the BBC said. 
More Haitians have fled for US shores since a new policy on handling refugees was announced last week, but all have been returned because the change has not gone into effect, officials said Monday.  The Coast Guard has picked up 586 Haitian refugees since President Bill Clinton announced on May 8 that he was scrapping the policy of immediately repatriating Haitian refugees without reviewing asylum requests, the State Department said. 
US and Japanese negotiators will meet here Thursday to discuss the trade dispute that has soured relations between the world's two largest economic powers, the US trade representative said Monday.  US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor said "we'll expect good and serious and far-reaching and far-ranging negotiations." 
Remains of what could be the oldest man in Europe -- believed to date back half a million years -- have been unearthed in southern England, the Times reported Tuesday.  If accurate, the dating of the fragment of a human limb found during a dig at an Old Stone Age site in Boxgrove, west Sussex, would make it some 100,000 years older than any other European human remains and one of the most important archaeological finds for decades. 
The US dollar opened at 104.69 yen in Tokyo on Tuesday, down 0.18 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.87 yen.  The opening rate was lower than New York's late Monday quote of 104.75 yen. 
Former American tennis star Jennifer Capriati was charged with being in possession of marijuana here Monday after police found her in a hotel room after being tipped off about a 'runaway' being there.  After being charged, the 18-year-old former world top-ten player was released to her attorney John Ross. 
Eurotunnel is likely to seek about 850 million pounds (1,275 million dollars) in its forthcoming rights issue, 20 percent more than the stock market expected, the Financial Times said Tuesday.  The sum would also be far greater than any of the four previous equity-raising exercises for the newly-opened tunnel linking Britain and France. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was back in hospital Monday for routine cancer treatment.  The widow of slain US president John F. Kennedy and Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis was in good condition, her spokeswoman said. 
Yemen's oil sector, its only way out of poverty, could become the latest victim of the civil war as northern troops appear to set their sights on major fields in their push south.  But oil analysts in the region believe a disruption of Yemen's crude supplies would not have a major impact on the oil market given its relatively small exports and lower world demand in the second and third quarters. 
Former American tennis star Jennifer Capriati was charged with being in possession of marijuana here Monday after police found her in a hotel room after being tipped off about a 'runaway' being there.  After being charged, the 18-year-old former world top-ten player was released to her attorney John Ross. 
Four inmates were killed and three others were seriously wounded in a prison fight in Chiapas state, officials said Monday.  A group of prisoners armed with homemade knives fought for two hours at the Pichucalco prison late Sunday before authorities brought the clash under control, officials said. 
US diplomats said Monday they might be willing to abandon their opposition to a UN plan to deploy 5,500 UN troops in Rwanda to protect refugees fleeing genocidal massacres.  Intense negotiations were underway at UN headquarters in New York, where the United States blocked a vote Friday on the deployment urged by Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali last week. 
Northern Yemeni troops Monday took the rival south's main air base at al-Anad, opening the way for a push towards the southern capital Aden, some 50 kilometres (30 miles) to the south, an AFP photographer on the spot said.  As the northern soldiers consolidated, opposition parties led by vice- president Ali Salem al-Baid, the southern leader, announced here early Tuesday they would form a High Council for National Salvation. 
A German tourist was shot and killed Monday while walking in the southern California mountains during an apparent robbery which also left her husband wounded.  The woman was found dead near where the couple had pulled off the road in the San Jacinto mountains for a brief stroll. Her husband, who had managed to return to the car and drive a short way for help, was flown to a hospital for surgery. 
Hours before Malawi's first democratic elections Tuesday, the veteran outgoing President Kamuzu Banda urged the country's 3.8 million registered voters not to be intimidated.  Speaking in a slow voice on state radio late Monday, he said: "I just heard there has been some shooting in Nsanje." 
An apparently soft line taken by New Zealand Prime Minister Jim Bolger in talks with Indonesian President Suharto over East Timor was Tuesday causing vocal irritation among government and opposition MPs.  Bolger met Suharto and Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas in Jakarta on Monday and spoke about New Zealand concerns over Indonesia's treatment of the former Portuguese territory occupied since 1975. 
Some 3.8 million Malawian voters were called to the polls Tuesday in a landmark democratic election giving them their first chance to break veteran president Kamuzu Banda's monopoly of power since independence.  Banda, officially 88 but thought to be at least 93 years old, is hoping to cash in on the veneration this landlocked, impoverished and 85 percent rural nation of 9.4 million people affords its elders in his bid to take the election for his ruling Malawi Congress Party (MCP). 
"Medea" and its star Diana Rigg picked up nominations for the best-of- Broadway Tony Awards on Monday.  "Medea," a Euripides tragedy brought to New York by London's Almeida Theatre, was nominated for best revival of a play along with "Abe Lincoln in Illinois," "An Inspector Calls" and "Timothy of Athens." 
Radical surgery on the home built a century ago by Treasure Island author Robert Louis Stevenson is on schedule and the once beautiful wooden building will be reopened in time for the centenary of his death at the end of the year, project manager Bob Gardiner said Tuesday.  Stevenson built his home at Vailima, in the hills above the capital Apia, and lived there for the last four years of his life, dying in 1894. 
US Senate Republican leader Bob Dole called Monday for the immediate renewal of China's most favored nation trade status and urged that the trade benefits no longer be linked to human rights issues.  "I do not support destroying our trade relationship only to discover that we have alienated China, that China's behavior has not changed and that other countries and other companies have taken our place in China," he said during a address on the Senate floor. 
Premier Li Peng has warned the United States not to interfere in China's internal affairs, accusing Washington of focusing on the welfare of only a "tiny number" of Chinese people, reports said Tuesday.  Li maintained China's tough stance in a meeting here Monday with former US national security advisor Zbigniew Brzesinski, just weeks before US President Bill Clinton must decide whether China has made sufficient progress in human rights to retain its most favoured nation (MFN) trade status. 
Rwandan rebels sealed the road from the embattled capital Kigali to Gitarama, where the government fled last month as ethnic carnage engulfed the country, a UN official said. The army denied their foes had seized control of the stretch of road 40 kilometres (25 miles) to the southwest. But Abdul Kabia, head of the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda, said the rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF) had cut off the road as they tightened their grip on Kigali, which they have sealed off on three sides. (AFP)  ADEN: Northern Yemeni troops took the rival south's main air base at al-Anad, opening the way for a push towards the southern capital Aden, some 50 kilometres (30 miles) to the south, an AFP photographer said. As the northern soldiers consolidated, opposition parties led by vice- president Ali Salem al-Baid, the southern leader, announced here they would form a High Council for National Salvation. (AFP) 
President Fidel Ramos on Tuesday ordered the justice department to release a captured senior official of the insurgent Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP), in a move aimed at reviving peace talks after the rebels threatened to pull out.  A palace statement said Ramos had ordered the department to file the appropriate motions with a local court for the release of Wilma Tiamzon "on the recognizance of any responsible institution," as a gesture towards "peace and national reconciliation." 
A fourth national daily is set to join the already competitive Chinese media market here, sparking what some believe will be a circulation war as vigorous as any involving media moguls Rupert Murdoch and Kerry Packer.  Backed by Taiwanese capital, the "Independence Daily" will hit the streets Friday with wrap-around colour, an initial target circulation of 15,000 and high hopes of putting a copy into every Taiwanese household in Australia. 
Wang Dan, a leading Chinese dissident, was arrested Tuesday by police at his residence in the capital while being interviewed by journalists, members of his family said.  Wang, a prominent student leader during 1989 pro-democracy demonstrations, was taken from the residence by about 10 police officers, they said, adding that no reason was given for his arrest. 
Singapore would welcome the North America Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) being extended to include Singapore, Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong said in an interview published Tuesday.  Goh said that while there has not been any official proposal from the United States, he would welcome NAFTA being extended to countries "across the Pacific, including Singapore and South Korea." 
Wang Dan, a leading Chinese dissident, was arrested Tuesday by police at his residence in the capital while being interviewed by journalists, members of his family said.  Wang, 24, a prominent student leader during 1989 pro-democracy demonstrations, was taken from the residence by about 10 police officers, they said, adding that no reason was given for his arrest. 
Vietnam has ordered ailing state firms to start making arrangements to repay their debts by July 1 or face bankruptcy, a report said Tuesday.  A directive from Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet accused many state businesses of dragging their feet in implementing government reforms aimed at clearing debts between the firms, the Saigon Newsreader reported. 
Asian investors are being joined by western counterparts in pouring billions of dollars into China's tourism industry, a report said Tuesday.  In recent two years, foreigners have invested some 12.3 billion dollars in 81 hotel projects in China, with a total of 25,000 rooms, and another 50 billion Hong Kong dollars (6.4 billion US) in transportation, entertainment and restaurant businesses, the China- backed Wen Wei Po reported. 
China is expected to set up its first gold market in Shanghai late this year on an experimental basis, the Hong Kong China News Service said Tuesday.  If the plan succeeds in Shanghai, the Chinese government would later allow the setting up of several other gold markets in other trade centres, such as the Shenzhen special economic zone at the border with Hong Kong, the news agency said. 
A large collection of anthropomorphic Metal Age pottery has been discovered in the southern Philippines, with Moslem guerrillas leading government archeologists to the site, the National Museum said here Tuesday.  The 300-piece trove, which dates back to between 200 and 400 B.C. and was discovered inside the Ayub cave near Maitum town in 1992, "reinforces the theory" that the archipelago became inhabited by humans much earlier than previously thought, government archeologist Elenita Alba said. 
Cambodia's Khmer Rouge guerrillas attacked Australian Foreign Minister Gareth Evans Tuesday, accusing him of "lighting the fires of war" by talking of military aid for Phnom Penh.  In a broadcast monitored in Bangkok, Khmer Rouge radio said the internationally-sponsored Paris peace accords on Cambodia banned the supply of arms to any of the four Cambodian factions. 
A part-time actor who snipped off his pubic hair in public to protest press coverage of Singapore's gay community was fined 1,000 Singapore dollars (645 dollars) Tuesday for obscenity.  Josef Ng Sing Chor sparked off calls for tighter supervision over the performance arts when he turned his back on a 100-strong shopping mall crowd, dropped his briefs and cut his pubic hair early this year. 
Veteran Indian film-maker Phani Mazumdar, who directed 11 movies in the Chinese, Malay and English languages during a prolific 60-year career, has died in Bombay. He was 83.  He died Monday in a Bombay hospital after a long illness, the Press Trust of India reported Tuesday. 
Tonga's King Taufa'ahau Tupou IV wants to swap sugar for uranium from Central Asia to feed a proposed nuclear power facility, pay for Russian jets and resettle farmers in Malaysia, the Tongan monthly news magazine Lali reports in its latest issue.  The sugar would come from plantations yet to be planted, while the uranium would be used for a power station the king wants to build near his capital, Nuku'alofa. 
Premier Li Peng has joined senior Chinese leaders in stressing the absolute necessity of ensuring social stability as authorities brace themselves for the fifth anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre.  In a speech carried on the front page of all major Chinese newspapers Tuesday, Li cited paramount leader Deng Xiaoping as saying that "without a stable social and political environment, it will be impossible to carry out reforms or construction." 
Vietnam denied Tuesday that four monks imprisoned last year following protests in the central city of Hue are on hunger strike and are seriously ill.  A foreign ministry spokesman dismissed as "totally false" a report by the Paris-based International Buddhist Information Bureau (IBIB) that the four members of the dissident Unified Vietnamese Buddhist Church were on a hunger strike to protest their conditions at the Ba Sao re- education camp south of Hanoi. 
Fishermen in the central Philippines are slaughtering dolphins to use them as food and bait for sharks, despite laws against the catching of dolphins, a local newspaper reported here Tuesday.  The Philippine Inquirer quoted local officials as saying they had discovered that fishermen from the tiny island of Pamalican were using a large net to catch the dolphins, adding that they believed hundreds of dolphins had already been killed. 
A Thai MP who has been accused by the United States of smuggling more than 45 tons of marijuana from Thailand is to be asked to resign from his party and parliament, a local daily reported Tuesday.  Party officials could not immediately be reached for comment. 
Tokyo remains the most expensive city in the world for homes and offices, the economic daily Nihon Keizai reported Tuesday.  First-time home buyers have to pay 427,000 dollars in Tokyo compared with an average of 143,000 dollars for 17 cities in the United States, Europe and the Asia Pacific region chosen for a survey by the Japanese Association of Real Estate Appraisal. 
Vietnam has denied any territorial ambitions against Cambodia following claims by King Norodom Sihanouk that Hanoi was nibbling away at its neighbour by slowing moving border markers.  "Vietnam has never had ambitions for Cambodia's territory and always scrupulously implements all agreements signed on border and territories between the two countries," a Foreign Ministry spokesman said. 
China suffered a trade deficit of 1.75 billion dollars in the first four months of the year, but the volume of exports grew faster than that of imports, customs figures showed Tuesday.  The total volume of trade hit 57.84 billion dollars, up 21 percent on the same period last year, with exports surging 22 percent to 28.04 billion dollars and imports rising 20.3 percent to 29.79 billion dollars, the China Daily quoted General Administration of Customs officials as saying. 
The UN Security Council approved the phased deployment of 5,500 peacekeepers to Rwanda and an arms embargo on the violence-torn African nation.  The vote came early Tuesday after near-record nine hours of debates and consultations. 
The UN Security Council approved the phased deployment of 5,500 peacekeepers to Rwanda and slapped an arms embargo on the violence- torn African nation.  The vote came early Tuesday after near-record nine hours of debates and consultations among the 15-member council. 
Prominent Chinese dissident Wang Dan was released Tuesday after being held by Beijing police for an hour.  Wang Dan, 24, told AFP by telephone that he had been taken to a police station at 11:00 a.m. (0300 GMT) and was released an hour later. 
Stonemason Tom Fearn faces one of rugby union's toughest challenges here Wednesday night when lowly Western Australia clash with Ireland in the tourists' opening match of their eight-game programme.  Fearn, a veteran of 34, has the dubious honour of taking on one of the world's top fly halfs, 25-year-old dynamo Eric Elwood, a former Gaelic footballer who now plays for the Lansdowne club. 
French Defense Minister Francois Leotard said Tuesday that some 2,500 French soldiers would be withdrawn from peacekeeping duties in the former Yugoslavia before the end of the year.  "We have begun a process of withdrawal of a certain number of battalions we have there, first the one in Glina in Krajina (Serb- controlled territory in Croatia) and then the one in Bihac" in northwest Bosnia, Leotard said in a radio interview. 
Some 3.8 million Malawian voters began voting Tuesday in a landmark democratic election to break the stranglehold the self-appointed president for life Kamuzu Banda has held on the country since independence in 1966.  Some 2,400 polling stations across the country opened at 6:00 a.m. (0400 GMT), and in parts of Blantyre, the economic powerhouse of this mainly rural country of 9.4 million people, queues started forming at 4:00 a.m. (0200 GMT). 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher set off for the newly- autonomous enclave of Jericho on Tuesday for talks with Palestinian leaders and a tour of a ruined Moslem palace, officials said.  The secretary was the first foreign dignitary to tour the West Bank oasis since Israeli forces pulled out on Friday in line with the PLO autonomy deal. 
France will slash its peacekeeping presence in the former Yugoslavia from 6,000 troops to 4,500 soldiers by the end of the year, Defense Minister Francois Leotard said Tuesday.  "We have begun a process of withdrawal of a certain number of battalions we have there, first the one in Glina in Krajina (Serb- controlled territory in Croatia) and then the one in Bihac" in northwest Bosnia, Leotard said in a radio interview. 
The UN Security Council approved the phased deployment of 5,500 peacekeepers to Rwanda and slapped an arms embargo on the violence- torn African nation.  The vote came early Tuesday after near-record nine hours of debates and consultations among the 15-member council. 
Palestinian gunmen shot dead an Israel woman and wounded two other Israelis in an ambush near a settlement south of the West Bank town of Hebron on Tuesday, military officials said.  Gunmen lay in wait by the roadside outside the Jewish settlement of Haggai and opened fire on a passing car. 
One of the world's leading aid agencies urged Australia Tuesday to press the United Nations to send troops to Rwanda, arguing that the horrors of its civil war far surpassed the Somalian and Cambodian tragedies.  World Vision International's Australian-born president Graeme Irvine said he had seen all the world's major crisis areas in 27 years with the agency, but Rwanda beat them all. 
Machinery orders from Japan's private sector in March rose 10.3 percent from the previous month, reversing a revised 6.3 percent fall in February, the Economic Planning Agency said Tuesday.  The orders, excluding those for ships and from electric power companies, which tend to fluctuate widely, totalled 946.8 billion yen (nine billion dollars), down 0.2 percent from a year earlier for the second straight year-on-year drop, the agency said. 
Twelve passengers were burned to death when a luxury bus caught fire after colliding with a tanker carrying explosive chemicals in western India on Tuesday, the Press Trust of India reported.  Thirteen others were injured in the accident which occurred on the outskirts of the city of Baroda, the news agency said. 
A three-member team from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) headed for North Korea on Tuesday after a Beijing stopover, launching a crucial visit to monitor the controversial North Korean nuclear programme.  The delegation, comprising Olli Heinonen of Finland, Vladimir Rukhlo, a Russian, and Jamaluddin Omar, a Tanzanian, checked in for a scheduled flight to Pyongyang aboard a North Korean airliner, an AFP reporter saw. 
Japan's biggest opposition Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) vowed Tuesday to submit a no-confidence motion against Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata's cabinet after the passage of a long-pending state budget.  "It is not a cabinet reflecting the popular will," LDP secretary general Yoshiro Mori told a news conference. "When the budget is passed, the cabinet's duty will be over." 
Japanese audio manufacturer Aiwa Co. Ltd. said Tuesday its consolidated pre-tax earnings more than doubled from a year earlier to 9.8 billion yen (95 million dollars) in the year to March.  The subsidiary of consumer electronics giant Sony Corp. said the sharply higher profit, up from 4.2 billion yen the previous year, was accompanied by a 19 percent increase in worldwide sales to 210 billion yen. 
Palestinian gunmen shot dead an Israel woman and seriously wounded two other Israelis in an ambush south of the West Bank town of Hebron on Tuesday, military officials said.  The killers lay in wait by the roadside near the Jewish settlement of Haggai, south of Hebron, and opened fire on a passing car. 
France will cut its peacekeeping presence in the former Yugoslavia from 6,000 troops to 3,500 soldiers by the end of the year, Defense Minister Francois Leotard said Tuesday.  "We have begun a process of withdrawal of a certain number of battalions we have there, first the one in Glina in Krajina (Serb- controlled territory in Croatia) and then the one in Bihac" in northwest Bosnia, Leotard said in a radio interview. 
Social democrat Jose Francisco Pena Gomez took a slight lead over incumbent President Joaquin Balaguer, but complained of "blatant fraud" in Monday's general elections.  After 1.84 percent of the vote was tallied early Tuesday, the Central Election Committee announced that Pena Gomez, 57, was ahead with 17,902 votes against 16,674 for 87-year-old Balaguer. 
President Kamuzu Banda will not vote in Malawi's first multi-party elections Tuesday, a source at the ruling Malawi Congress Party told AFP.  He said Banda, who is staying at his Sanjika Palace in Blantyre, had registered  to vote in Zomba, site of his official State House, some 60 kilometres (40 miles) away. 
Japan's International Trade and Industry Minister Eijiro Hata said Tuesday he hopes high-level talks with the United States this week would pave the way for an early resumption of bilateral trade talks.  Hata told a news conference the talks will be held Thursday in Washington. 
The rand continued to slump against the dollar here Tuesday, opening at 3.6660/75 to the greenback from its previous close of 3.6633/48.  Dealers said the local unit, which hit a record low during Monday's trade, had been supported by the central Reserve Bank after speculation drove it lower. 
Five persons working for the US television network NBC were detained by police and questioned for two hours after the crew interviewed dissident Wang Dan at his Beijing home, relatives of one of the crew said.  The crew comprised an American, an Australian, a Filipino and a Chinese, as well as a Tokyo-based Japanese who was the only one of the five without Chinese accreditation, they said. 
Palestinian gunmen shot dead two Israelis and seriously wounded another in an ambush south of the West Bank town of Hebron on Tuesday, military officials said.  The killers lay in wait by the roadside near the Jewish settlement of Haggai, south of Hebron, and opened fire on a passing car. 
Some 500 prison inmates went on a rampage setting clothes, mattresses and the prison roof on fire after a prisoner was shot and wounded during a botched escape attempt, authorities said.  Thirty people were injured in the riot that was quelled after a six- hour siege by prison guards using tear gas and pellet rifles. 
Asian economies are boosting their exports to each other as the importance of the North American market fades, the international trade and industry said in an annual report approved by cabinet Tuesday.  The ministry's white paper on international trade noted that increases in exports towards Asia were particularly strong for Japan and Hong Kong between 1986 and 1992 and even more so for South Korea and Taiwan. China's exports, heavily targetted towards Asia already, moved in the same direction. 
Returns on Japan's net external assets over the past decade have frequently been negative, the international trade and industry ministry says, calling for capital flows to be routed back towards Japan.  The ministry's annual white paper on international trade, approved by cabinet Tuesday, notes that in the past, Japan's huge current account surpluses have been largely "recycled" with capital flowing back overseas. 
Iran condemned on Tuesday the granting of a literary award to British author Salman Rushdie in Vienna, saying it was an insult to Islam.  Foreign ministry spokesman, Mahmud Mohammadi, blasted the move as an insult to "all Moslems and followers of other religions." 
Bankruptcies in Japan rose 1.9 percent from a year earlier to 1,276 cases in April, with recession-linked failures increasing, a private credit research firm said Tuesday.  The failures, with liabilities of at least 10 million yen (96,000 dollars), exceeded 1,000 cases for the 15th month in a row, Teikoku Bank Ltd. said. 
Premier Li Peng on Tuesday joined senior Chinese leaders in stressing the absolute need to ensure social stability, as the authorities brace for the fifth anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre.  In a speech carried on the front page of all major Chinese newspapers, Li rammed home the dictum of top leader Deng Xiaoping: "Without a stable social and political environment, it will be impossible to carry out reforms or construction." 
As Britain moves to arm London "bobbies" for the first time, the Australian state of Victoria is considering moving in the opposite direction after two shootings this week brought to 21 the number of people shot dead by police in six years.  Police Minister Pat McNamara said Tuesday his government had also asked the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to come here to review training procedures in the handling of firearms. 
Vietnam has no immediate plans to devalue its currency, at present worth 10,955 dong to the US dollar, one of Hanoi's central bankers said Tuesday.  Le Van Chau, deputy governor of the State Bank of Vietnam, scotched speculation that the dong might be devalued by 30 percent as Hanoi continues to liberalize the state-dominated economy. 
Russia's emerging pro-life movement holds its first conference here this week to map out a strategy to curb the abortion rate, which is among the highest in the world, the president of the Right to Live organisation said Tuesday.  Galina Sieryakova told AFP that the three-day conference beginning Wednesday would allow the Russian anti-abortion movement to recruit new members in cities and towns across the country and to launch an information campaign against abortion. 
The ruble was unchanged Tuesday in interbank trading in Moscow at 1,877 rubles to the dollar.  Volume was low with 8.95 million dollars traded. 
Authorities in the eastern Chinese city of Nanjing have executed 14 criminals as part of a sweeping law-and-order crackdown across the country, according to reports seen here Tuesday.  The 14 were among 25 criminals tried by the Nanjing intermediate people's court in Jiangsu province on May 9 for a variety of crimes ranging from murder and rape to armed robbery, the Yancheng Evening News reported. 
Fierce battles raged around a key air base Tuesday as southern Yemeni forces, backed by warplanes, tried to prevent northern forces from advancing on Aden, witnesses said.  The northerners, loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh, captured al- Anad airbase on Monday, opening the way for a push toward Aden, 50 kilometers (30 miles) to the south. 
Bankruptcies in Japan rose 1.9 percent from a year earlier to 1,276 cases in April, with recession-linked failures increasing, a private credit research firm said Tuesday.  The failures, with liabilities of at least 10 million yen (96,000 dollars), exceeded 1,000 cases for the 15th month in a row, Teikoku Bank Ltd. said. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher met Palestinian leaders in the newly-autonomous enclave of Jericho for the first time on Tuesday amid tight security imposed by the new police force.  The secretary was the first foreign dignitary to tour the West Bank oasis since Israeli forces pulled out on Friday in line with the PLO autonomy deal. 
Fourteen years has passed since a bloody crackdown on a pro-democracy uprising here left more than 200 dead, but the spectre of the massacre keeps returning to haunt South Korean governments.  Thousands of protestors rallied in this southwestern city and 10 other places across the country Tuesday, calling for the punishment of two former presidents and others held responsible for the blood bath. 
A US serviceman, sentenced to 15 years' jail for killing a South Korean bar girl, was taken to a local prison Tuesday after failing to win a US Supreme Court order to block the transfer, the US military said.  Private Kenneth Markle III, 21, was taken from a US military jail by officials of the South Korean Supreme Prosecutor's Office and sent to a prison in the central city of Chonan, the prosecutors office said. 
Japanese corporate failures rose 1.9 percent from a year earlier to 1,276 cases in April, boosted by the growing number of recession- linked insolvencies, a private credit research agency said Tuesday.  Teikoku Bank Ltd. said the number of failures, defined as insolvencies with liabilities of at least 10 million yen (96,000 dollars), exceeded 1,000 cases for the 15th month in a row. 
All Black trialist Jarrod Cunningham kicked a last-minute penalty to snatch a 14-14 draw for Hawkes Bay against the touring Tongan rugby team here Tuesday.  The fullback scored all of the Bay's points. 
Insurgents attacked a road convoy in northern Laos and killed an Australian working for an electricity concern and a Laotian civilian, the Tasmanian Hydro-Electric Commission (HEC) said Tuesday.  Phil Hickey, 40, died instantly in the attack Monday, HEC chief executive Graeme Longbottom said. 
The United Nations food aid agency said Tuesday it would give drought- hit Kenya additional food aid worth an estimated 2.4 million dollars this year.  The World Food Programme (WFP) said food shortages and economic hardship in the east African country were likely to worsen before September. 
Japan's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) vowed Tuesday to topple Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata's minority government, but suddenly found that its expected allies, the Socialists, baulked at the attack.  LDP secretary-general Yoshiro Mori reaffirmed the party's intention of submitting a no-confidence motion against Hata's cabinet after the passage of a long-pending state budget. 
The insurance market Lloyd's of London on Tuesday announced losses of 2.048 billion pounds (3.072 billion dollars) for 1991, compared with record losses of 2.3 billion pounds the previous year.  Analysts had predicted losses of around 2.5 billion pounds for 1991. 
A man who killed three teenagers in 1990 and showed no remorse at his trial was executed by lethal injection early Tuesday after refusing to file any appeals.  John Frederick Thanos, 45, said, "Adios," before he was administered the lethal dose becoming Maryland's first inmate to be executed since 1961 and the 240th nationwide since the US Supreme Court allowed states to use the death penalty. 
South Africa has drawn up plans to participate in the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Rwanda, but a political decision still has to be taken, a foreign affairs spokesman said Tuesday.  If South African troops were to go to Rwanda, it would be the first time the newly democratic government participated in a UN operation, the previous white-minority government having been excluded from the world body's activities in 1974. 
President Joaquin Balaguer, seeking a seventh term in office, took the lead in Monday's general elections against his immediate rival Jose Francisco Pena Gomez, who has complained of vote fraud.  With 8.34 percent of the vote counted in early Tuesday, 87-year-old Balaguer had 44 percent against Pena Gomez's 41 percent, the Central Election Committee said. 
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Shakhrai announced Tuesday he was resigning from government one day after President Boris Yeltsin released him from his duties as nationalities minister.  "The appointment of a new nationalities minister was done without consulting me and therefore I request to be relieved of my duties of deputy prime minister," Shakhrai told a news conference. 
Palestinian gunmen shot dead two Israeli settlers and seriously wounded a third in an ambush south of the West Bank town of Hebron on Tuesday, military officials said.  An anonymous telephone caller to Israel military radio claimed responsibility for the killing of a man and a woman in the name of Ezzedin al Kassam, the armed wing of the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS. 
A Russian-brokered ceasefire in the disputed region of Nagorno- Karabakh went into force Tuesday and appeared to be holding despite reports of isolated gunshot fire, Armenian and Azerbaijani officials said.  Military leaders of separatist Armenian forces in Nagorno-Karabakh and of the Azerbaijani defence ministry accused each other of staging" "provocations" by opening fire but both sides claimed that they had not responded to the attacks, news agencies reported. 
Three IAEA inspectors headed to North Korea from Beijing Tuesday on a crucial monitoring mission that could determine whether Washington demands sanctions against the Stalinist state or sits down to discuss normalisation with it.  At the crux of their trip is a five-megawatt reactor at Yongbyon, 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Pyongyang, whose spent fuel rods, the United States warns, could yield enough plutonium for four or five nuclear bombs. 
Japan's overall wholesale prices in April fell 0.3 percent from the previous month, the Bank of Japan said in a preliminary report Tuesday. 
Machinery orders from Japan's private sector in March rose 10.3 percent from February for the first rise in two month, indicating that the downtrend in orders is coming to an end, the Economic Planning Agency said Tuesday.  Machinery orders are a leading short-term indicator for corporate plant and equipment investments. 
Nippon Television Network Corp. (NTV) said Tuesday its pre-tax earnings plunged 30 percent from a year earlier to 4.89 billion yen (47 million dollars) in the year to March.  The broadcasting affiliate of the Yomiuri Shimbun, the top-selling newspaper in Japan, said revenue fell 1.5 percent to 197 billion yen. 
American teenager Michael Fay seems all right after receiving four lashes of a rattan cane on his bare buttocks two weeks ago for vandalising cars, his mother said Tuesday after visiting her son in jail.  "He seems to be okay. We weren't able to see the wounds but he said (prison officials) have been treating them for him," Randy Chan told reporters outside Queenstown Remand Prison. 
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Shakhrai announced Tuesday he was resigning from government one day after President Boris Yeltsin released him from his duties as nationalities minister.  "The appointment of a new nationalities minister was done without consulting me and therefore I request to be relieved of my duties as deputy prime minister," Shakhrai told a news conference. 
France will cut its peacekeeping presence by more than one-third in the former Yugoslavia, pulling out 2,500 soldiers by the end of the year, Defense Minister Francois Leotard said Tuesday.  "We have begun a process of withdrawal of a certain number of battalions we have there, first the one in Glina in Krajina (Serb- controlled territory in Croatia) and then the one in Bihac" in northwest Bosnia, Leotard said in a radio interview. 
Chinese police raided the home of Tiananmen Square dissident Wang Dan on Tuesday, signalling official determination to silence opponents before the fifth anniversary of the pro-democracy protests.  Wang, a leader of the Beijing student movement, told AFP he was held for an hour after 10 police broke up an interview he was giving to American television network NBC. He said he now plans to leave the capital in the runup to the June 4 anniversary because of mounting pressure. 
Fierce artillery duels broke out just north of this key port city on Tuesday as southern forces battled to hold back an advance by troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh, witnesses said.  Saleh's northern forces and the southerners of Vice President Ali Salem al-Baid were battling with heavy artillery just 30 kilometers (18 miles) north of Aden, they said. 
Israel officially handed over civilian authority to the Palestinians on the Gaza Strip on Tuesday after 27 years of occupation, a correspondent reported.  In a brief ceremony at the Erez entry point into the Strip about 30 Israeli departmental heads symbolically passed on authority to their counterparts in the new Palestinian administration in accord with the PLO autonomy deal. 
The International Maritime Organization (IMO) was this week to deal with piracy in the South China Sea, which a spokeman called the region's chief trouble spot since the problem had abated in the Malacca Straits.  A concerted effort by the littoral nations of Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore, coordinated by an IMO working group organized last November, has reportedly resulted in a sharp reduction in piracy in the crowded waterway. 
Israel officially handed over civilian authority to the Palestinians on the Gaza Strip on Tuesday after 27 years of occupation, a correspondent reported.  In a brief ceremony at the Erez entry point into the Strip, about 30 Israeli departmental heads symbolically passed on authority to their counterparts in the new Palestinian administration in accord with the PLO autonomy deal. 
Peace talks between Sudan's government and rebels were delayed because rebel delegates wading through steamy swamps got "bogged down" and failed to turn up for the opening of the meeting, a spokesman said Tuesday.  "Our delegation is walking through the bush in heavy rain," Stephen Wondu of the rebel Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) told AFP. "We're doing everything we can to get them here, but they only have vehicles occasionally. They've got bogged down." 
The insurance market Lloyd's of London on Tuesday announced losses of 2.048 billion pounds (3.072 billion dollars) for 1991, compared with record losses of 2.3 billion pounds the previous year.  Analysts had predicted losses of around 2.5 billion pounds for 1991. 
Lesotho Prime Minister Ntsu Mokhehle has told some 2,500 striking policemen in the tiny southern African kingdom that they would be fired unless they returned to work by Tuesday.  Mokhele made the announcement in a television broadcast Monday, telling the strikers that they could consider themselves unemployed unless their eight-day action ended immediately. 
More than one in seven Japanese expatriate families in Latin America, the Middle East, and Asia have fallen victim to street crimes, and over a third have hired security guards for their homes, a survey said Tuesday.  The survey, conducted by the Japan Overseas Enterprises Association in Tokyo, reflects difficulties and dangers that Japanese have faced in politically unstable regions, in a stark contrast to their own nation, where safety on the street is expected. 
Japan's overall wholesale prices in April fell 0.3 percent from the previous month and dropped 2.7 percent from a year earlier, the Bank of Japan said Tuesday.  The central bank said in a preliminary report that the overall wholesale price index in April was 93.0 against the base of 100 for 1990. 
Fifty-three percent of Americans disapprove of President Bill Clinton's foreign policy and 51 percent give thumbs down to his overall performance, a Washington Post-ABC News Poll indicated Tuesday.  With what were largely viewed as muddled results in Haiti, North Korea, China and other areas, only 13 percent of those surveyed believed Clinton had a clear foreign policy, against 37 percent who said he did not, according to the poll published by the daily. 
Japanese audio manufacturer Aiwa Co. Ltd. said Tuesday its group pre- tax earnings more than doubled in the year to March and announced plans to boost overseas production to as much as 85 percent of the total.  The subsidiary of consumer electronics giant Sony Corp. posted earnings of 9.8 billion yen (95 million dollars), up from 4.2 billion yen a year earlier. 
ASEAN labour ministers announced their determination here on Tuesday to fight western demands to give higher wages to workers in return for freer trade.  The Association of Southeast Asian Nations ministers said they would ask the International Labour Organisation to resist attempts by developed nations to include social clauses in agreements giving access to new markets. 
A 17-year-old boy was hanged in public in the holy city of Masshad after being found guilty of raping an 11-year-old schoolgirl, newspapers said Tuesday.  The boy "confessed" in court to having raped the girl in an empty lot as she went to school in Mashhad, site of a holy Shiite Moslem shrine, the papers said. 
Malaysia unveiled Tuesday a blueprint for its flagging telecommunication industry that would erode the monopoly of national telecoms firm Telekom Malaysia, officials said.  "To achieve an effective telecoms network, huge investments are necessary and this burden cannot be shouldered by a single firm," Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said as he launched the National Telecommunication Policy. 
Chinese director Zhang Yimou is boycotting the Cannes Film Festival in protest at his country's censorship of his film "Huozhe" (To Live) a statement said Tuesday.  The statement was read out by producer Chiu Fusheng at the start of a press conference ahead of the premiere of the movie, widely tipped to do well here. 
The prefect and police chief of the northern Italian town of Vicenza were fired by new Interior Minister Roberto Maroni for allowing a weekend demonstration by skinheads in their town, a government source said Tuesday.  The source said that police chief Romano Argegno and prefect Michele De Feis were sacked Monday and have been asked to provide an explanation as to why they allowed some 300 skinheads to demonstrate in Vicenza Saturday screaming racist slogans and bearing swastikas. 
French Defense Minister Francois Leotard said Tuesday that the scientific community believed additional nuclear tests were essential in order to develop the capacity to simulate tests in the laboratory.  Leotard, speaking on French radio, said that "the scientific community tells us that we need a few more tests," and added that he had not met a single scientist who believes otherwise. 
Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto has bowed to Moslem militants and agreed to introduce Islamic Sharia law in part of northern Pakistan following clashes with security forces Monday in which 10 people were killed.  The government issued a decree late Monday announcing the immediate introduction of the Sharia to replace the existing civil code in Malakand region of the North West Frontier Province where the disturbances occurred. 
Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams on Tuesday promised a "definitive response" once the British government provided answers to his demands for clarification of the Anglo-Irish joint peace declaration.  A list of demands by the Irish Republican Army's (IRA) political wing for clarification of the five-month-old peace document was relayed to London last week by Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds. 
At least four people were killed and 116 were wounded in a four-hour battle between rival Afghan forces fighting for Kabul, hospital sources said Tuesday.  Rockets and shells rocked the capital as forces loyal to Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani defended their positions against attacking Uzbek troops, a frontline commander said. 
Singapore Tuesday dropped vandalism charges against an American teenager who like a schoolmate caned last month would have faced a mandatory lashing if convicted.  Stephen Freehill, a 17-year-old from Chicago, hugged his mother and sister after a brief appearance in the Subordinate Court. 
Nigeria's Anglican archbishop, Abiodun Adetiloye, called Tuesday on the military regime to hand over power to "democratically elected" president Moshood Abiola, presumed winner of a vote annulled last year.  In an open letter published by the press, Adetiloye told General Sani Abacha, who seized power in November: "My dear general, now is the time for you to bow out honourably. If you cannot see the hand-writing on the wall and bow out, the end may be inglorious." 
A state bank is to open a new branch in northeastern Iran to cater exclusively for women, as part of moves to segregate the sexes according to Islamic principles, a newspaper reported Tuesday.  The "experimental" branch of the Saderat bank, to be opened soon in the city of Mashhad, will be entirely staffed by women and provides services to female customers only. 
PLO chairman Yasser Arafat has issued a call to Moslems to launch a holy war or jihad to liberate Jersualem from Jewish rule, according an audio tape broadcast by state radio.  "You have to come and to fight and to start the Jihad to liberate Jerusalem, your first shrine," Arafat urged Moslems in the tape recording of a speech he gave in a mosque in Johannesburg on May 10. 
The dollar remained fragile as a decision on US interest rates was awaited on Tuesday, and the drachma was again supported by a sharp rise in rates.  Dealers in the dollar were waiting to see if the open market committee of the US Federal Reserve would increase interest rates later in the day. 
Some 17,000 Georgians are infected with rabies and cannot be vaccinated due to a lack of medecine, Health Minister Avtandil Djorbenadze was quoted as saying Tuesday by Itar-Tass agency.  The minister said the situation was due to the large number of stray cats and dogs carrying the disease in the country and had worsened in the last months because authorities were unable to collect refuse outside cities and towns due because of a petrol shortage. 
The UN World Food Programme (WFP) has launched an operation to feed some 150,000 people displaced by tribal violence in northern Ghana, it said in a statement received here Tuesday.  In the next five months, the WFP plans to distribute more than 11,000 tonnes of cereals, vegetables and salt, the statement said. 
Ten children and a Rwandan woman working for the UN Children's Fund (UNICEF) were found hacked to death in the woman's central Kigali home, a UN spokesman said Tuesday.  "Civilians armed with guns, grenades and machetes entered the house and hacked the victims to death," spokesman Abdul Kabia said by telephone from Kigali. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher met Palestinian leaders in a highly symbolic visit to the autonomous Jericho enclave on Tuesday as Arab gunmen shot dead two Israeli settlers.  The secretary became the first foreign dignitary to tour the West Bank oasis since Israeli forces pulled out on Friday, but 60 kilometres (35 miles) to the south, Moslem fundamentalists riddled a settlers' car with bullets. 
Talks aimed at finalising a ceasefire agreement in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh broke down here Tuesday after both sides failed to agree on a final document, Interfax reported.  The agreement brokered by Russia provided for an immediate ceasefire to be followed by the deployment of military observers and 1,800 troops from the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) in the conflict zone. 
Troops opened fire on stone-throwers in the occupied West Bank town of Nablus on Tuesday, leaving one man critically injured with a bullet in his head, Palestinian sources said.  The 23-year-old Palestinian was taken to hospital as clashes continued. 
A three-member team from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) arrived in Pyongyang Tuesday on a crucial visit to inspect North Korea's controversial nuclear programme, the Japanese media reported.  The Japan Broadcasting Corp. said the IAEA inspectors arrived at Pyongyang aboard a North Korean airliner on a flight from Beijing, where the team had a 24-hour stopover. 
Chinese director Zhang Yimou announced Tuesday that he was staying away from the Cannes Film Festival in protest at his country's censorship of his film "Huozhe" (To Live).  Festival director Gilles Jacob immediately responded by saying he regretted the decision, and that he "deplored" Zhang's absence. 
Ceasefire violations are becoming increasingly common in Sarajevo where frequent sniper fire was reported Tuesday, the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) said Tuesday.  UNPROFOR spokesman Rob Annink said shooting in the center of Sarajevo "has been steadily increasing" and was of great concern to the UNPROFOR and the country's warring factions which means those responsible "are probably uncontrolled" elements. 
Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Shakhrai resigned Tuesday in protest at being replaced in the key post of nationalities minister and warned that Russia was again headed for a period of political upheaval.  "The appointment of a new nationalities minister was done without consulting me and therefore I request to be relieved of my duties as deputy prime minister," said Shakhrai, a moderate reformer who emerged over the past three years as an influential member of President Boris Yeltsin's camp. 
Belgian coach Paul Van Himst picked seven players each from champions Anderlecht and runners-up Bruges here Tuesday in his squad for the World Cup football finals in the United States from June 17 to July 17.  Belgium World Cup quad 
The African-Caribbean-Pacific (ACP) group of developing countries begins a three-day meeting with the European Union in Mbabane on Wednesday to revise conditions for aid and preferential trade.  Heading the agenda for the ministerial-level meeting in the Swazi capital is a mid-term review of the 10-year Lome IV trade-and-aid convention which expires in 2000. 
The first of six prototypes of Japan's next-generation FSX fighter is expected to fly next year, but the aircraft's future remains in doubt because of the end of the cold war and changing strategic requirements in Asia.  The Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper reported Tuesday that the development of the fighter, equipped with sophisticated ship-targetting equipment and navigation electronics, had "passed a critical point in research and development." 
The government Tuesday warned pro-independence activists against holding the so-called Second Constitutional Convention of Taiwanese People, saying it violates the law.  The conference and its organizing unit, the Committee of Taiwanese Constitutional Movement, have never been registered with authorities and are illegal, said the Interior Ministry, which governs domestic affairs. 
Detaining a dissident and unleashing a verbal broadside through the state media, China's communist regime signaled Tuesday it was pulling out all the stops to forestall any unrest ahead of the fifth anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre.  In a speech carried on the front page of all major Chinese newspapers Tuesday, Prime Minister Li Peng warned that the country's immediate future depended crucially on maintaining social stability. 
Talks aimed at finalising a ceasefire agreement in the disputed enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh broke down here Tuesday after both sides failed to agree on a final document, Interfax reported.  The agreement brokered by Russia provided for an immediate ceasefire to be followed by the deployment of military observers and 1,800 troops from the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) in the conflict zone. 
A top official of Germany's far-right Republicans said Tuesday she had resigned from the party because it had become too extremist under the leadership of former Waffen SS officer Franz Schoenhuber.  Martina Rosenberger said she had resigned as national secretary because of the party's "growing extreme rightwing ideas," saying that no change was possible under Schoenhuber's leadership. 
AC Milan's Croatian forward Zvonomir Boban passed a fitness test here Tuesday and should play in the European Cup final against Barcelona on Wednesday.  However, Milan coach Fabio Capello refused to be explicit. 
Forces loyal to Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh fought their way closer to this southern stronghold on Tuesday despite meeting fierce resistance, witnesses said.  Artillery battles were raging only 30 kilometers (18 miles) from this port-city, a bastion of Saleh's rival, Vice-President Ali Salem al- Baid. 
Share prices were marginally lower in early trading on Monday as both the Paris and London markets showed caution before a meeting of the US Federal Reserve's open market committee later in the day.  Dealers said that the meeting might decide to increase US interest rates. 
Iran launched a virulent attack on the Saudi government on Tuesday after cancelling an anti-US rally by its pilgrims in Mecca.  The head of the Iranian pilgrimage delegation, Mohammad Mohammadi Reyshahri, said in a message to spiritual guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei that the demonstration should be cancelled "following deployment of Saudi police and soldiers and irresponsible acts and provocation by Saudi authorities." 
Ten children and a Rwandan woman working for the UN Children's Fund (UNICEF) were found hacked to death in the woman's central Kigali home, a UN spokesman said Tuesday.  The report of the murderous Sunday assault cvame as the Geneva-based UN High Commissioner for Refugees accused Rwandan rebel troops of torturing and massacring civilians in the ongoing bloodbath sweeping the central African country. 
Member states of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation Region meeting in Tbilisi Tuesday shifted their focus from economic to security issues to try and bring about peace and stability in the troubled region.  Ostensibly an economic grouping to promote free trade and market reforms, the organisation's 11 members - Turkey, Russia, Ukraine, Romania, Bulgaria, Greece, Albania, Moldova, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan - met in the Georgian capital to try and create "a mechanism for the regulation of the region's many conflicts," according to Sergei Kyiashko, head of the Ukrainian delegation. 
Gaza youths gathered to taunt Israeli soldiers in Gaza City for a last time on Tuesday, but found themselves being dispersed by the new Palestinian police force.  The troops guarding the last bastion of the Israeli presence in the city, the old military governor's headquarters, found themselves the butt of many a joke. 
Malawians decided to take a holiday on Tuesday as the country held its first multi-party elections since independence, set to end three decades of rule by the aged President Kamuzu Banda.  Offices were deserted as long queues of voters grew outside polling stations in Blantyre, the economic capital of the small southern African nation, and most shops owned by Asians were closed, apparently for fear of looting. 
Lynn Davies, US State Department official responsible for security affairs, is due here May 25 for talks with defence and foreign ministry officials, foreign ministery spokesman Janos Herman said here Tuesday.  He could not supply details on the themes of the talks as yet, he said. 
France will cut its peacekeeping presence by more than one-third in the former Yugoslavia, pulling out 2,500 soldiers by the end of the year, Defense Minister Francois Leotard said Tuesday.  "We have begun a process of withdrawal of a certain number of battalions we have there, first the one in Glina in Krajina (Serb- controlled territory in Croatia) and then the one in Bihac" in northwest Bosnia, Leotard said in a radio interview. 
UN peacekeepers to be sent back to Rwanda will be powerless to staunch ethnic bloodletting unless they deploy speedily with armoured vehicles and helicopters, a UN official warned Tuesday.  Abdul Kabia, executive director of the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR), welcomed a UN Security Council decision to deploy 5,500 soldiers in stages. 
King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia renewed Tuesday an offer to host peace talks between the government and the Khmer Rouge and, on the eve of his departure for Beijing, called on co-premier Hun Sen and guerrilla chief Khieu Samphan to bury the hatchet.  "Cambodia and its people are sinking deeper every day into the abyss of national annihilation," the king said in a statement released by the Royal Palace. "I cannot abandon my efforts to restore peace and national reconciliation." 
Eurotunnel shareholders voted on Tuesday to increase a planned rights issue from 192 million shares to a maximum of 342 million shares.  At a special shareholders' meeting, Eurotunnel co-chairman Alastair Morton said that Eurotunnel did not yet know how big the rights issue would be. 
Riot police clashed here Tuesday with thousands of students shouting anti-American slogans who were trying to march on the houses of two ex-presidents they blame for a 1980 massacre of South Korean pro- democracy activists.  The students, shouting "We oppose America, the main culprit of Kwangju massacre," emerged from the main gate of Yonsei university at dusk making for the Seoul homes of former presidents Roh Tae-Woo and Chun Doo-Hwan. 
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe arrived in a cold, rainy and blustery London Tuesday to begin a four-day state visit at the invitation of Queen Elizabeth II.  He was greeted by Princess Margaret on his arrival at Heathrow Airport from Frankfurt, and made no public statement before being driven off in a chauffered Rolls Royce limosine with a 15-motorcycle police escort. 
Palestinians took over control of their own affairs in the Gaza Strip on Tuesday after 27 years of Israeli occupation.  In a brief ceremony at the Erez entry point into the Strip, about 30 Israeli departmental heads symbolically passed on authority to their counterparts in the new Palestinian authority in accord with the PLO autonomy deal. 
Air Inter employees, striking against foreign competition in the French domestic airline industry, disrupted traffic at Orly airport on Tuesday.  Air Inter is the domestic arm of Air France, which is controlled by the state and is in severe financial trouble. 
Italian opposition parties united against Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's political program Tuesday, heightening the chances he might not win a critical vote of confidence vote in the Senate on Wednesday.  Berlusconi made a strong bid to attract the conservative vote when he presented his program to the Senate on Monday, conceding what he called "legitimate concerns" over the presence of five neo-fascists in his cabinet but pledging his right-wing coalition would adhere to Italy's democratic structures. 
Construction of new homes and apartments in the United States fell 2.5 percent in April, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.  Housing starts rose 12.3 percent in March. 
President Joaquim Chissano headed Tuesday for public rallies in farflung northern districts of Mozambique on a tour apparently aimed at whipping up support ahead of October elections.  He arrived Monday in the northern province of Nampula, Mozambique's most populous, accompanied by an entourage of ministers, including those holding the defence, education, and construction portfolios. 
Ukrainian deputies began a two-day debate in parliament Tuesday to elect a speaker, with a centrist and a socialist said to be the favored candidates.  The deputies are considering a list of nine candidates, among them centrist deputy Vassily Durdinets and socialist deputy Alexandre Moroz, both of whom enjoy the backing of various groups in parliament. 
India's diamond exports overshot expectations and grew 27 percent in the last financial year, helping maintain the country's leading position in the business, exporters said Tuesday.  The Diamond Exporters' Association said cut and polished stones worth 3.64 billion dollars were exported by India in the fiscal year to March 31 on the back of a rising demand for low-priced diamonds. 
Canada's composite index, the main indicator for likely economic growth, advanced 0.6 percent in April, a slight decline from its 0.7 percent growth in March, the government reported Tuesday.  Statistics Canada blamed the easing of the index's growth to the April decline in stock market prices. 
GATT director general Peter Sutherland is to address Hong Kong business leaders at a luncheon on May 26, the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce said Tuesday.  Sutherland, who last week dashed China's hopes of a prompt return to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), will be in the territory for two days following a Pacific Basin Economic Council meeting in Kuala Lumpur. 
Rubber prices, depressed for years by sluggish demand, are likely to bounce at least five percent by year-end as car sales picked up and the European economy improved, officials said Tuesday.  "I am bullish that the market will remain good for the balance of this year. Prices in the first five months are already well above last year's," said Aldo Hofmeister, the buffer stock manager of the International Natural Rubber Organisation (INRO). 
China's largest city, Shanghai, posted record exports in the first four months of 1994, despite a drop in industrial output sparked by the rising cost of raw materials and capital shortfalls, Xinhua said Tuesday.  Shanghai, often considered an economic barometer for the rest of the country, exported a record 2.46 billion dollars through January-April, up 26.6 percent from the same period last year, the official news agency said. 
The British food giant Allied-Lyons on Tuesday announced a 20-percent increase in annual pre-tax profits to 606 million pounds (909 million dollars) compared with 505 million pounds for the previous year.  The results for the year to March 5 were slightly better than analysts' expectations of 604 million pounds. Turnover rose to 5.526 billion pounds from 5.266 billion the previous year. 
Japan's Marubeni Corp. has signed cooperation agreements with Russia's Siberian Far East Oil Corp. (Sidanco) and Anglo-Swiss Mining Corp. to develop oil reserves in Russia, a spokesman said Tuesday.  The spokesman said the Japanese trading company would also consider taking up equity in Sidanco, a Moscow-based joint venture between the Russian government and eight oil companies, mostly based in Tyumen in western Siberia. 
Prices in Vietnam rose 0.3 percent in April, lifting the inflation rate since the start of the year to 5.4 percent against 2.9 percent for the first four months of 1993, according to official figures published Tuesday.  The April performance, coming after a significant rise in the first quarter, will help the government meet its objective of single-figure inflation for calendar 1994. 
Moves by the United States and European Union to cut off Asian nations, particularly China, from western markets, could trigger an Asian trade bloc, Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong warned Tuesday.  "An Asian trade bloc is not an option of choice. But it is a viable option," Goh told a business opportunities conference organised here by the New York-based Asia Society. 
The Cannes film festival on Tuesday premiered a film which put sex right in the front seat.  "Le Buttane" (The Prostitutes), a late entry to the official competition from Italian director Aurelio Grimaldi, tells the straightforward story of the exploits of a group of prostitutes in Sicily. 
The first session of South Africa's new multi-racial parliament will begin next Tuesday, a day later than initially planned, the domestic SAPA news agency reported Tuesday.  President Nelson Mandela will open the session, due to last until the start of July, with a speech to both houses of parliament, which will then be debated for a week by the members elected at the end of last month. 
Egyptian riot police fired tear-gas at thousands of lawyers trying to march on to a presidential palace here Tuesday to protest the death of a jailed colleague allegedly tortured to death last week.  About 6,000 lawyers gathered at the bar association's headquarters in central Cairo. Riot police intervened with tear-gas as the demonstrators neared the gates to start their march. 
Olympique Marseille's future was placed in the hands of an examining magistrate by a commercial court here Tuesday after it heard the club had debts of 404 million francs (70 million dollars).  Accounts for the 1992-93 season showed debts of 404 million francs and operating losses of 123 million francs (22 million dollars) which left a net deficit of 67 million francs (12 million dollars). 
Bosnian president Alija Izetbegovic led 360 Moslems from Sarajevo Tuesday on a Saudi-financed pilgrimage to the Islamic holy city of Mecca.  The pilgrims left Sarajevo for Zagreb on two separate flights aboard a Ukrainian UN plane. 
Palestinian Moslem fundamentalists shot dead a Jewish settler and his mother-in-law and seriously wounded her daughter in an ambush Tuesday near Hebron on the occupied West Bank, military officials said.  Ezzedin al Kassam, armed wing of the Islamic Resistance Movement (HAMAS), claimed responsibility for the killings. 
Three inspectors from the Vienna-based International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) arrived in Pyongyang Tuesday in their latest attempt to investigate North Korea's suspect nuclear programme.  The arrival of the IAEA team was reported by the official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), which said: "Their inspection is expected to last approximately a week." 
At least two people were wounded Tuesday in a shooting in north Belfast, police said.  First reports said the victims were workers at a construction site in a mixed Catholic-Protestant neighborhood. 
The leader of the Islamic community in Bosnia-Hercegovina, Mustafa Ceric, has refused to meet Patriarch Aleksy II of the Russian Orthodox church, the Bosnian embassy said here on Tuesday.  The patriarch, as part of his peace efforts in Bosnia, had proposed a meeting in his presence between the Moslem leader, the Patriarch of the Serbian Orthodox Church Pavle and Cardinal Franjo Kuharic, primate of the Croatian Catholic Church. 
Construction of new homes and apartments in the United States fell 2.5 percent in April, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.  Housing starts rose 12.3 percent in March. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is to make an unscheduled stopover in Egypt for talks with President Hosni Mubarak, a US diplomatic source here said Tuesday.  Christopher, who was Tuesday in Israel and also visited the Palestinian self-rule enclave of Jericho, is expected in Cairo on Wednesday on Thursday, the source said. 
Belgian coach Paul Van Himst has omitted Brazilian-born Luis Oliveira from his World Cup squad because he thought the player would disrupt team unity.  Oliveira, who plays for the Italian side Cagliari, recently criticised Van Himst and some of the players. 
Bosnian Serbs shelled Tuzla airport in northern Bosnia-Hercegovina Tuesday shortly after the first UN plane landed on the northern airstrip since its reopening in March, an UNPROFOR military source said.  The plane was unable to complete unloading and took off immediately, the source said. No casualties were immediately reported. 
A thick cloud of pollution hung over the Greek capital Tuesday for the second day running, sending 160 people to hospital while residents ignored government pleas to leave cars at home.  Coupled with weather hitting 30 degrees Celsius (85 degrees Fahrenheit), levels of ozone and other toxic gasses soared well above danger limits. By midday, 160 people had been rushed to emergency rooms with heart and respiratory trouble or fainting. 
Two Catholic workmen on their way to lunch near a north Belfast construction site were shot dead Tuesday when gunmen jumped from a car and opened fire at close range, police said.  They said the shootings were probably sectarian and bore the earmarks of loyalist Protestant militias. 
The US economy shows few signs of inflationary pressure, the White House said Tuesday as the Federal Reserve's policy-setting committee held a meeting expected to raise short-term interest rates.  In a statement indicating the administration's position that another rise in short-term interest rates would not be justified, White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers said that "growth is proceeding at a steady pace. There are few signs of inflationary pressures within the economy. 
Severiano Ballesteros has called for a decision on the venue for the 1997 Ryder Cup to be postponed after claims which could ammount to allegations of bribery.  The Spanish ace, expected to captain the Europe team when the bi- annual classic goes to his country, is facing possible legal action by the Valderrama club after claiming they offered him the equivalent of around one million dollars to support their candidacy to host the tournament. 
The civil war in Yemen could lead to the creation of an Iranian-style Islamic state which would threaten its Gulf neighbours, a senior southern leader warned Tuesday.  Salim Saleh Mohammad, interviewed by the United Arab Emirates newspaper Al-Ittihad, charged that Iraq and Sudan were involved in the fighting between rival army units. 
Oman will start producing gold in commercial quantities in July after the discovery of large reserves, an Omani official was quoted on Tuesday as saying.  Around 500 kilogramme of gold, extracted from copper ore by a new plant, will be produced by mid-July and production could last 10 years at that output level, said Mohammed ibn Qassim al-Yafi, mining chief at the Omani oil ministry. 
The commander-in-chief of Russia's Pacific Fleet was dismissed Tuesday for "serious deficiencies" in his management of the fleet, following an explosion at a military depot in the far east, the Russian Defense Ministry said.  Admiral Georgy Gurinov's removal followed an explosion Saturday of a bomb depot in the region of the far eastern port of Vladivostok, which left no casualties but caused considerable damage. 
Sri Lanka's selectors have left out Test captain Arjuna Ranatunga from a 31-man squad to start training for Pakistan's visit in July.  However, Ranatunga, who faces disciplinary action over his refusal to tour Sharjah last month, could be brought into the pool later if he is cleared of misconduct charges at a board inquiry on May 30. 
Iran has declared a port city in the Caspian Sea a free-trade zone, the official news agency IRNA reported.  The decision was announced by President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjnai on Monday, during a tour of Bandar-e-Anzali, it said. 
It may be time to ease pressure on Japan for specific market opening commitments because of the domestic political upheaval in Tokyo, President Bill Clinton's top economic advisor said.  "The issue here is ... trying to moderate or adjust the timing to the political realities in Japan without changing the overall thrust of the policy," Clinton's chief economic advisor Laura D'Andrea Tyson said in an interview published in the Washington Post Tuesday. 
The dollar weakened slightly against other major currencies here early Tuesday as traders braced for a short-term interest rate hike expected from the Federal Reserve's policy-setting committee.  Most traders predicted between a quarter to a half percentage point increase in the federal funds rate -- the overnight interbank loan rate -- and a half point rise in the discount rate, said a trader with a major European bank in New York. 
Pakistan has turned over to Egypt an "Afghan war veteran" suspected of belonging to the extremist Jihad group and of planning anti-government operations, a security official said Tuesday.  Ali Eid, 26,is suspected of being a member of the armed wing of Jihad, the Tala'e el Fath or Vanguard of Conquest  which was behind the attempt to assassinate Interior Minister Hassan el-Alfi last August. 
The Nigerian military regime has declared next Monday a public holiday in a bid to encourage voters to turn out en masse to elect delegates to a constitutional conference, amid warnings of a boycott.  Meanwhile Tuesday, Nigeria's Anglican archbishop, Abiodun Adetiloye, called on the regime to hand over power to "democratically elected" president Moshood Abiola, presumed winner of a vote annulled last year. 
The age-old image of the unarmed British bobby was further undermined Tuesday when a poll showed 70 percent of the public want more police to carry guns.  The poll, released at the annual meeting of the Police Federation in Brighton, followed Monday's historic announcement by Scotland Yard chief Paul Condon that some officers would routinely and openly carry handguns. 
Pete Sampras saw off the challenge of promising Russian Yevgeny Kafelnikov to give the United States a winning 2-0 lead in the World Team Cup here Tuesday.  The match failed to live up to its billing as a contest between the current and future world number ones as Kafelnikov showed little of the talent that has lifted him into the top 20 this year. 
Bosnian Serbs fired seven shells at Tuzla airport in northern Bosnia- Hercegovina Tuesday shortly after the first UN plane in a month (Eds: correct) landed on the northern airstrip, UN spokesmen said.  The plane immediately immediately took off after the first shells landed, the UN Protection Force sources said adding that there were no casualties and the aircraft was not damaged. 
The new Palestinian police force on Tuesday called on Gazans to cooperate and to consider any further bloodshed as banned by the Islamic faith.  In a first official statement, police chief General Nasr Yussef said: "We have before us a mission which can not be taken lightly, such as the building of our state and the raising of living standards. 
French Defense Minister Francois Leotard announced Tuesday that France would cut its peacekeeping presence by more than one-third in the former Yugoslavia, pulling out 2,500 soldiers by the end of the year.  "We have begun a process of withdrawal of a certain number of battalions we have there, first the one in Glina in Krajina (Serb- controlled territory in Croatia) and then the one in Bihac" in northwest Bosnia, Leotard said in a radio interview. 
President Bill Clinton said Tuesday that short-term interest rates could be raised without slowing down the US economy.  "There is clearly some room for short-term interest (rates) over the rate of inflation that won't slow down our economic growth," Clinton said at a morning photo session. 
The new Italian government headed by Silvio Berlusconi plans to increase income from privatisation by 50 billion dollars by accelerating and extending the programme, Treasury Minister Lamberto Dini said on Tuesday.  He was giving details behind the government's economic programme, which was unveiled on Monday, in an interview with the International Herald Tribune newspaper. 
Rwandan rebels on Tuesday dismissed accusations by the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) that they had massacred and tortured civilians as "ignoble."  "This is propaganda, intended to minimise the genocide being committed in Rwanda," said James Rwego, spokesman for the rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front in Brussels. 
Blue-chip stocks barely budged in a quiet market early Tuesday as investors staked a Federal Reserve watch in anticipation of another rise in short-term interest rates.  The Dow Jones industrial average edged up 0.92 point to 3,672.42 points several minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Brazil stay top of FIFA's rankings a month before the World Cup starts in the United States.  Sweden move up six places to third behind Germany. 
Welsh football's controversial chief executive Alun Evans was at the centre of a resignation mystery on Tuesday.  Football Association of Wales committee member Tommy Forse was reported as saying: "I am not surprised that Mr Evans has resigned. 
Debts left behind by runaway German property developer Juergen Schneider far outweigh the assets of his collapsed empire, his creditors heard Tuesday.  Realisable assets of the group held by the missing tycoon and his wife are valued at 2-2.5 billion marks (1.21-1.51 billion dollars), court- appointed liquidator Gerhard Walter told a first creditors' meeting. 
The southern Gulf emirate of Abu Dhabi will halve hotel room prices this summer to attract tourists, an official here said Tuesday.  The 50-percent cut in more than 15 hotels will apply between June and September, said Abdullah al-Saadi, deputy manager of the state-run Abu Dhabi National Hotels Company. 
Mozambique's government has finally ended a month-long moratorium on demobilising its troops under a peace accord with the Mozambique National Resistance (RENAMO), UN peacekeeping sources said Tuesday.  Chief of the UN technical unit for demobilisation Ton Pardoel confirmed that the government broke its embargo by discharging 571 soldiers from Angoche and Chimoio, in northern and central Mozambique, on Monday. 
About 50 would-be illegal immigrants drowned overnight in a shipwreck off the Gabonese coast near Cape Esterias as they sought to make their way into the country, police said Tuesday.  Paramilitary police and firemen went Tuesday to rescue survivors from the disaster, who were thought to be of West African origin, but the precise number and nationalities of the victims was not clear. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is to make an unscheduled visit to Egypt on Wednesday for talks on the Middle East peace process, the foreign ministry said.  It said Christopher, who was Tuesday in Israel and also visited the Palestinian self-rule enclave of Jericho, was to make a 24-hour visit to review the results of his peace mission to the Jewish state and Syria. 
Police have killed two drug traffickers and arrested eight others in clashes in eastern Iran, near the Afghan border, the official news agency IRNA said Tuesday.  The two were killed Monday in a shoot-out with the police in the heights of Khavaf in Khorasan province. Three others were arrested. 
Polish President Lech Walesa's popularity has nose-dived to a record low according to an opinion poll Tuesday showing the former Solidarity leader at a 64 percent disapproval rating against 25 percent approval.  The figures, on a sample of 1,200 people in April by the government's CBOS institute, show a sharp downturn from the 55 percent disapproval and 35 percent approval registered in February. 
The board of the London Financial Futures and Options Exchange (LIFFE) said on Tuesday that it had made a "conclusive decision" not to adopt the Globex international trading system operated by Reuters.  LIFFE chairman Nick Durlacher said that the decision had been taken because "restrictive conditions" made the system "totally unacceptable" to the LIFFE board. A spokesman for the Reuters said that the decision was "disappointing." 
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres spoke of "room for manoeuvre" in the search for peace with Syria after talks with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Tuesday.  "There are still problems in the peace process with Syria," Peres said, "but we feel that because of the secretary's visit there is room for manoeuvre." 
The British industrial gases and healthcare giant BOC on Tuesday reported a sharp fall in interim pre-tax profits to 79.7 million pounds (119.55 million dollars) from 182.4 million pounds for the same period a year earlier owing to restructuring costs.  BOC said it took a charge of 85 million pounds for fundamental restructuring including 60 million pounds for its healthcare businesses and the remainder for some of its larger gases companies. 
French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe moved Tuesday to end a row over a Paris stopover by his Libyan counterpart, saying he saw no reason to have refused a visa as the two countries kept up diplomatic relations.  The French foreign ministry said Monday that the minister, Omar Al- Muntasser, came to Paris at the weekend on a private visit, after attending last week's inauguration of Nelson Mandela as South African president. 
The British conglomerate Hanson on Tuesday announced a 35 percent increase in interim pre-tax profits to March to 683 million pounds (1.03 billion dollars) from 507 million pounds for the same period a year earlier.  The figures, at the top end of analysts' expectations, showed a trading profit of 473 million pounds compared with 436 million pounds. 
President Bill Clinton said Tuesday that short-term interest rates could be raised without slowing down the US economy.  "There is clearly some room for short-term interest (rates) over the rate of inflation that won't slow down our economic growth," Clinton told reporters at the White House. 
Algerian security forces killed 20 armed Islamic extremists in several operations in three days, security officials said here Tuesday.  Seven of the guerrillas were killed in attacks in Algiers and its suburbs on Saturday and Sunday, while the remainder lost their lives in the east and southwest of the country on Sunday and Monday. 
Blue-chip stocks rose Tuesday as investors expected the Federal Reserve to raise short-term interest rates.  The Dow Jones industrial average was up 11.97 points at 3,683.47 at 11:00 a.m. (1500 GMT). Roughly 76 million shares were traded on the New York Stock Exchange. 
PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's reported call for holy war to liberate Jerusalem throws into doubt the whole peace process, Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin warned on Tuesday.  "It's a serious violation of the written commitments and calls into question the peace process," Rabin said. 
Public opinion in Iceland may be swinging in favour of Iceland joining the European Union, Greek European Affairs Minister Theodoros Pangalos said here Tuesday.  He was speaking during the first council meeting of the European Economic Area -- a single market comprising the 12-member EU plus Austria, Finland, Norway, Sweden, and Iceland which came into existence last January 1. 
Fighting between rival troops from northern and southern Yemen was continuing to prevent the distribution of aid to some 6,000 Somalis at a refugee camp near Aden, a UNHCR spokesman said Tuesday.  The UN High Commissioner for Refugees had said Sunday that the refugees at the Al Koud camp, some 50 kilometres (30 miles) from Aden, were caught in the crossfire. Some 175 of them had been killed and many others injured. 
Diaries kept by a top aide of the late Richard Nixon show the former president suspicious of Jews, tired of blacks and ruthless in dealing with the talkative wife of his attorney general.  The daily diaries kept by H.R. Haldeman, which were published Monday, tell how Nixon believed there was "total Jewish domination of the media" and on February 26, 1970 "really raged" about US Jews in front of his national security advisor Henry Kissinger, who is Jewish. He then issued an order "not to let any Jews see him about the Middle East." 
Claudio Caniggia, back from a 13-month ban for cocaine use, will miss Argentina's friendly with Chile in Santiago on Wednesday.  However, Diego Maradona, whose criminal conviction for cocaine use led to Argentina pulling out of a tournament in Japan because he was refused a visa, will be fit to play. 
The premier of British Columbia, Mike Harcourt, sharply criticized Quebec separatists in an interview published Tuesday, saying they wanted to "break up and destroy" Canada.  "In a renewed confederation, Quebec and British Columbia are natural allies," said Harcourt, referring to efforts by both to lessen the federal government's power and strengthen provincial governments. 
A move by Williams-Renault to replace Ayrton Senna with fellow Brazilian Rubens Barrichello has been rejected by the Jordan Grand Prix team.  Louise Goodman, spokeswoman for the Irish team, confirmed the approach on Tuesday but said: "The reply was that Rubens was not available." 
Ukraine is playing on Western fears of a nuclear catastrophe by asking for a "greatly exaggerated" sum of money to close down its dangerous Chernobyl nuclear power plant, an EU official said here on Tuesday.  He was reacting to Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Valery Shmarov, who had said on Monday that his country would need foreign aid of between six billion and eight billion dollars to shut Chernobyl down -- more than double Kiev's previous estimate. 
Bosnian Serbs fired at least seven shells at Tuzla airport in northern Bosnia-Hercegovina Tuesday shortly after the first UN plane in a month landed on the northern airstrip, a UN spokesman said here.  The plane immediately took off after the first shells landed arund 2:00 p.m. (1200 GMT), UN Protection Force spokesman Dacre Holloway said. 
PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's reported call for holy war to liberate Jerusalem throws into doubt the whole peace process, Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin warned on Tuesday.  "If it is confirmed, it's a serious violation of the written commitments and calls into question the peace process," Rabin said. 
A 12-year-old girl kidnapped by two brothers who wanted ransom money was kept bound hand and foot for 11 days in a dark dungeon-like bunker underneath a motorway bridge, Essen police said Tuesday.  The impecunious brothers had demanded two million marks (1.25 million dollars) from Maria Schneider's caretaker parents to release her, apparently mistaking the girl for the child of a wealthy couple. 
The president and vice-president of Ethiopia's rebellious eastern Ogaden region, who were dismissed in April, have been arrested for failing to stand down, sources said here Tuesday.  Hassan Jire Qulinle and Ahmed Ali Dahir were arrested overnight Thursday in Gode, the former administrative capital of the Ogaden, which is inhabited mainly by ethnic Somalis. 
"I knew what to expect this time. In Australia I had never seen him play and I was more prepared today," he said.  "I was two points from losing in Melbourne and after that match I came through and won and that got me started for the year." 
China Tuesday welcomed a statement from the United States that it does not recognize a Tibetan government-in-exile.  A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said that "while expressing our appreciation, we hope the US government will honor its commitment in real earnest," according to the Xinhua news agency monitored here. 
Indonesia has proposed mid-November for a summit of Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation leaders, officials said in the Bali capital Tuesday.  The offer came on the eve of a second round of talks to prepare the informal leaders' summit. 
US Secretary of Secretary Warren Christopher said here Tuesday that he would return to Syria after talks with Israeli leaders.  "I am going back to Damascus for further discussions to try to find a common basis between the parties," Christopher told reporters after meeting Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. 
Canadian exporters are missing out on growing opportunities in both Asia and Latin America according to a report published Tuesday by a leading economic think-tank.  The Conference Board of Canada warns that Canadian exporters are relying too much on the traditional, but stagnating, markets of Europe and the United States. 
Another 21 people were indicted for vote-buying, bringing to 404 the number charged so far in the island's worst election fraud scandal, a prosecutor said Tuesday.  The 21 included Cheng Wen-tung, speaker of the Nantou County Council in central Taiwan, vice speaker Chien Jung-liang, 18 councillors and one travel agent, said Chang Chiu-yuan, chief prosecutor of the county prosecutor's office. 
A US veterans group arrived in Hanoi Tuesday to hand over war souvenirs taken home by American troops that could help Vietnam uncover the fate of its 300,000 people still listed as missing in action (MIA).  Veteran's Initiative, a programme organised by the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA), appealed for people to hunt in their attics for any mementos that could help Vietnam in its own MIA search. 
Bosnia's warring factions could be close to reaching a ceasefire, UN mediator Lord Owen said Tuesday following a three-hour meeting in Belgrade with Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic.  Owen, co-chairman of the Geneva peace conference on former Yugoslavia said the meeting had concentrated on the "most important priority" which was ending the fighting. 
Some 50 Russian airline pilots picketed the state parliament Tuesday on the eve of a threatened strike to protest deteriorating work conditions and to demand better safety regulations.  The pilots, who have threatened to go on strike from Wednesday, carried banners reading: "Russian passengers, you are the most courageous in the world." 
A new Dutch parliament was sworn in Tuesday following legislative elections two weeks ago, and MPs re-elected Christian Democrat Wim Deetman as speaker.  A total of 58 new MPs were among the 150 sworn in Tuesday. 
The United Nations has warned the two main rival Kurdish leaders in northern Iraq that any more fighting between their supporters could jeopardise international aid, a UN official told AFP Tuesday.  UN area security coordinator Stafford Clarry delivered the warning Monday to Massud Barzani and Jalal Talabani, who lead respectively the Kurdistan Democratic Party and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan. 
Russia Tuesday expressed concern over reports that Uzbekistan authorities had arrested two opposition leaders and two human rights activists to keep them from attending a human rights conference in Kazakhstan.  Foreign ministry spokesman Grigory Karasin said that "if the reports were true, it would be necessary to examine the conformity of these actions with the Commonwealth charter, the CIS declaration on human rights as well as UN and CSCE documents that provide for strict observation of human rights and freedoms." 
Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata on Tuesday criticized controversial remarks by a powerbroker and his main supporter, Ichiro Ozawa, about women and a major newspaper.  "It's not appropriate," the prime minister told reporters, referring to recent remarks by Ozawa, co-leader of the Renewal Party, one of the major coalition forces in the government. 
It may be time to ease pressure on Japan to make specific market opening commitments because of the domestic political upheaval in Tokyo, President Bill Clinton's top economic advisor said Tuesday.  Senior Japanese officials are due in Washington later this week for talks which could pave the way for a resumption of bilateral trade talks which collapsed in February. 
Investors in the troubled Lloyd's of London insurance market were hit with massive losses of 2.048 billion pounds (3.072 billion dollars) for 1991 on Tuesday.  Last year the market had reported that in 1990 it had made record losses of 2.3 billion pounds. 
FIFA president Joao Havelange said here Tuesday the 1998 World Cup in France would have 32 finalists - eight more than at present.  "From 1998 we shall have a world championship with 32 teams," the International Football Federation chief said when presenting the World Cup history to the International Olympic Committee museum. 
Warring Armenians and Azeris in Nagorno-Karabakh failed Tuesday to finalise a ceasefire agreement after the sides disagreed on the timetable for negotiating a special political status for the enclave, officials said.  The agreement brokered by Russia and which appeared to be on the verge of a breakthrough Monday called for an immediate ceasefire and the deployment of military observers to be followed by the arrival of 1,800 troops from the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). 
Nepal said Tuesday it was negotiating the release of a Nepalese peacekeeper kidnapped in Somalia and identified five of its soldiers killed by rebels in the war-torn country.  The five Nepalese peacekeeping volunteers were shot Monday while trying to negotiate the return of a United Nations vehicle stolen by rebels near Mogadishu's airport, according to the defence ministry. 
Voters flocked to the polls Tuesday as Malawi held its first multi- party elections since independence, set to end three decades of rule by iron-fisted veteran President Kamuzu Banda.  Offices were deserted as long queues of voters grew before dawn outside polling stations in Blantyre, the economic capital of the southern African nation. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher kept his latest peace mission alive Tuesday, saying he was returning to Syria following talks in Israel in the shadow of the murder of two settlers by Islamic gunmen.  "I am going back to Damascus for further discussions to try find a common basis between the parties," Christopher told reporters after meeting Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. 
Southern Yemeni troops fought a fierce battle Tuesday to resist a northern assault on Al-Anad air base, 50 kilometers (30 miles) from their Aden stronghold.  "Thousands of bodies are scattered all over the battlefield," said a witness, emerging from the centre of the base. 
British Defence Secretary Malcolm Rifkind Tuesday warned the warring factions in Bosnia not to take the presence of UN forces for granted, but he refused to predict when British troops would be withdrawn.  He cautioned against the United States arming the Bosnian Moslems following a vote in the US Senate in favour of lifting the UN weapons embargo. 
Copper soared on the London Metals Exchange (LME) on Tuesday, closing 43 dollars higher at 2,221 dollars per tonne, the highest price since February 1993, in response to a further massive draw-down of stocks and encouraging fundamentals, dealers said.  Semi-weekly stocks figures on the LME showed copper fell a significant 18,625 tonnes to 406,075. 
The European Union might not sign an important international energy charter treaty unless changes are made to its trade and investment elements, the EU warned in a statement issued here Tuesday.  The EU called for changes to be made in a draft treaty -- negotiated over the past three years by 50 countries including the United States and Japan -- which is to be presented for final approval at a conference here next month. 
French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe defended Tuesday the controversial issuing of a transit visa to his Libyan counterpart, as the Libyan embassy said that minister Omar el Mountasser had passed through Paris twice.  Speaking on RTL radio Tuesday, Juppe said that Muntasser was the foreign minister of a country with which France has not broken off diplomatic relations. 
Russian Patriarch Aleksy II arrived Tuesday in Pale, capital of the Bosnian Serbs near Sarajevo, on a peace mission to unite Bosnia's warring factions, the Bosnian Serb news agency SRNA reported.  Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic, whom the patriarch met on arrival, said the visit was a "great day" for the Bosnian Serbs after Aleksy II arrived from Belgrade, where he had Monday met Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic. 
One of France's best-loved actors, Alain Cuny, known for his interpretations of Paul Claudel and Shakespeare, died in hospital early Tuesday at the age of 85, a hospital spokesman said.  A friend of the surrealists, and of the writer Antonin Artaud in particular, the former painter was also linked to Jean Vilar with whom he acted in the early Avignon Festivals. 
More than 5,000 angry pig farmers demonstrated in this Lower Saxony town Tuesday against European Union-ordered slaughter of their animals to prevent the spread of swine-fever.  They marched wearing black and bearing crosses and coffins. 
Defending champions Malaysia powered into the Thomas Cup final by taking a winning 3-0 lead over China in Tuesday's semi-finals while Indonesia scored an upset win over South Korea to reach the women's Uber Cup final.  Malaysia play either Indonesia or South Korea in Saturday's final. The second semi-final is to be played on Wednesday. 
NATO warplanes buzzed Tuzla Tuesday at UN request after Bosnian Serbs shelled the Moslem city's airport, but the aircraft did not open fire, a UN spokesman said.  UN Protection Force spokesman here Jen Kirk did not specify how many planes took part in the operation. 
Opposition candidate Jose Francisco Pena Gomez charged fraud Tuesday and demanded a partial annulment of returns in the Dominican Republic's presidential elections as President Joaquin Balaguer took the lead.  In a sign of the sharply rising tensions, three truckloads of heavily armed police were seen near his campaign headquarters here even as Pena Gomez addressed a news conference. 
Luther Campbell, leader of the rap group 2 Live Crew, was arrested Tuesday and charged with aggravated assault for allegedly aiming a gun at his wife and threatening to shoot her.  Police went to his home in suburban Miami Lakes in response to a call by his wife Tina Barnett, 22. 
Foreign exchange dealers spent Tuesday waiting for the US Federal Reserve policy-making committee to make a statement on interest rates and the absence of news eventually sapped the dollar.  It closed here at 1.6660 marks against 1.6730 at the close on Monday and at 104.40 yen against 104.85. 
German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel insisted Tuesday that Russia must not be granted an official veto over whether eastern and central European countries join NATO.  He said this rule also should apply to membership of the Western European Union, effectively the military wing of the European Union. 
Share prices firmed cautiously in Europe on Tuesday before the US Federal Reserve's stance on interest rates became clear.  The Footsie index of 100 leading shares rose by 7.9 points to 3,123.5 points or by 0.25 percent and gilt-edged stock rose by up to half a point. 
Differences between Oslo and Washington on whaling apparently dominated a 45-minute meeting between Norwegian Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland and US President Bill Clinton Tuesday.  The gap cropped up even before the Oval Office meeting, when the two leaders took a few questions from reporters. 
The dollar was under pressure shortly after noon here Tuesday in the absence of a Federal Reserve move to raise short-term interest rates expected in the morning.  Paul Farrell, an executive at Chase Manhattan Bank, said traders were seeking to push the dollar lower after 11:30 a.m. (1530 GMT), the time when the Fed usually announces its monetary interventions. 
About 300 employees of the British banana exporter Geest Caribbean ended a 10-day strike Tuesday and went back to work after reaching agreement with management, the government said.  Labor Minister Farid Ayales said the company had agreed to the workers main demands to settle the strike, which erupted in its Sarapiqui plantations after several workers were fired and wages of others were cut. 
Italy's former Christian Democrat rulers on Tuesday demanded that new prime minister Silvio Berlusconi sack the five neo-fascists in his government, on the eve of a key confidence vote in the Italian Senate.  In a policy statement to parliament on Monday, Berlusconi conceded "legitimate concerns" over the presence of the five neo-fascists but pledged his right-wing coalition would adhere to Italy's democratic structures. 
China launched its widely acclaimed bid for the Golden Palm Tuesday, but the premiere was overshadowed by its director's decision to stay away in protest at China's censorship of his film.  Initial reaction to Zhang Yimou's "Huozhe" (To Live), seen by many as a possible successor to last year's Chinese co-winner "Farewell My Concubine," was nevertheless generally positive. 
Defending champions Malaysia powered into the Thomas Cup final by beating China in Tuesday's semi-finals to scotch claims they could only win at home.  However, Indonesia appear to be on the verge of pulling off a double. Their women scored an upset win over South Korea to reach the Uber Cup final and their men's side play South Korea in Wednesday's other Thomas Cup semi-final. 
Pro-choice groups declared victory Tuesday following the French firm Roussell Uclaf's decision to allow the US non-profit Population Council to sell the abortion pill RU-486 in the United States.  Although the drug, known as mifepristone, has been widely available in Europe since 1988, Roussell Uclaf has been reluctant to market it in the United States for fear opponents of abortion rights would organize a boycott. 
UN peacekeepers due to be sent back to Rwanda will be powerless to staunch ethnic bloodletting unless they deploy speedily with armoured vehicles and helicopters, a UN official warned Tuesday.  Abdul Kabia, head of the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda, welcomed the UN Security Council's decision to deploy 5,500 soldiers in stages. 
Bosnian Serbs fired at least seven shells at Tuzla airport Tuesday after the first UN plane in a month landed, prompting NATO warplanes to buzz the Moslem city in northeastern Bosnia.  The latest incident came as French Defence Minister Philippe Leotard announced in Paris that France would withdraw more than a third of its 6,900 peacekeepers by the end of the year. 
Ambassador-designate to India Frank Wisner defended Tuesday the sale of 38 US F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan, arguing that they would not alter Pakistan's power balance with India.  Wisner told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee during his confirmation hearing that military security issues are a principal concern for the United States but that delivery of the jets would not upset the balance. 
Butch Reynolds lost the 27.4 million dollars in damages awarded against the athletics establishment here on Tuesday when a court upheld the International Amateur Athletic Federation's appeal.  The Cincinnati court of appeal ruled that judge Joseph Kinneary had not been in his right to award damages against the IAAF in December, 1992. 
A top-level federal commission on the homeless unveiled a plan Monday for giving temporary assistance to people living on the streets and then helping them find permanent homes.  In a 100-page report by the Inter-Agency Task Force on the Homeless, the panel suggested that the homeless be given short-term emergency shelter, shunted to transitional housing during job training or other counseling and then helped to find permanent, affordable housing. 
A group of Israeli soldiers bade farewell to Gaza City on Tuesday with a last drink with Palestinian fishermen at the Mediterranean port.  The six soldiers, walking along the seafront, were invited to a soft drink on the docks. After talking politics, the fishermen and Israelis said goodbye and shook hands. 
Financial markets were edgy Tuesday after the Federal Reserve's move to raise short-term interest rates, expected in the morning, did not materialize.  Investors expected the Fed to raise the federal funds rate -- the overnight interbank loan rate -- by as much as half a percentage point, and the discount rate by a half percentage point. 
The British government Tuesday adopted broad and far-reaching shipping safety standards aimed at averting ecological disasters such as the 1993 Braer oil spill off the Shetland Islands.  Transport Secretary John MacGregor told the House of Commons the measures included publishing full details of detained ships to expose "unsafe operators and ineffective flag states." 
Little chance remains for the survival of the EKO Stahl steelworks at Eisenhuettenstadt in eastern Germany after Italy's Riva group decision not to buy it, Economy Minister Guenter Rexrodt said Tuesday.  The government has hoped to save jobs at the steelworks on the Polish border by selling it, rather than see the virtual near-death of the town where some 50,000 people are directly or indirectly dependent on the plant. 
The US Federal Reserve raised two key interest rates Tuesday.  The US central bank raised the overnight interbank rate half a percentage point from 3.75 percent to 4.25 percent and its discount rate from 3.0 to 3.5 percent. 
A group of Israeli soldiers bade farewell to Gaza City on Tuesday with a last drink with Palestinian fishermen at the Mediterranean port.  The six soldiers, walking along the seafront, were invited to a soft drink on the docks. After talking politics, the fishermen and Israelis said goodbye and shook hands. 
The US Federal Reserve raised two key interest rates Tuesday, saying it was acting to keep inflation down and support US economic growth.  The US central bank raised the overnight interbank rate half a percentage point from 3.75 percent to 4.25 percent and its discount rate from 3.0 to 3.5 percent. 
Four people were charged Tuesday with serious public order offences after an attack by skinheads on a group of Africans in the eastern German town of Magdeburg, the state prosecutor said.  A total of five people have now been charged over the fighting. A 19 -year-old believed to be one of the ringleaders of the racist violence was charged Monday. 
New Zealand strolled to victory here on Tuesday in their final tour match before their first one-day cricket international.  The tourists, who face England in Birmingham on Thursday, were set a modest 170-run target by Leicestershire in the 55 overs match, and romped home by seven wickets with 21 overs to spare. 
The PLO on Tuesday denied press reports that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak had called Yasser Arafat a "dog" for delaying the signing of the May 4 self-rule accord with Israel.  "It's a lie," the PLO insisted in a statement. 
The Palestinian intelligence chief for Gaza and Jericho lived in hiding in Israel for 27 years, when even his family believed he had died, a senior Palestinian police officer disclosed here Monday.  The officer told AFP that General Mosbah Hanafi Rushdie Sakr went missing during the 1967 Middle East war in which Israel seized the West Bank and Gaza Strip. 
A young Palestinian suffered a fatal gunshot wound by Israeli troops in the occupied West Bank town of Nablus, Palestinian sources said.  Troops opened fire at stone-throwers, shooting Bashir Zeben, 23, in the head. He was transferred to a hospital near Tel Aviv but died. 
The US Federal Reserve raised two key interest rates Tuesday in a widely-expected move, saying it was acting to keep inflation down and support US economic growth.  The US central bank raised the overnight interbank rate half a percentage point from 3.75 percent to 4.25 percent and its discount rate from 3.0 to 3.5 percent. 
Azerbaijani forces late Tuesday resumed shelling of Mardakert in northwest Nagorno-Karabakh after peace talks collapsed, Russian television said, quoting Armenian military sources.  The negotiations in Moscow between the Armenian separatists and Azerbaijan broke down earlier in the day in a dispute over the enclave's political status. 
US marines will began maneuvers in the Caribbean aboard an amphibious marine vessel, but the exercise is unrelated to the situation in Haiti, Pentagon officials said Tuesday.  Defense Department spokesman Dennis Boxx said 650 marines were involved in the maneuvers of undetermined length on the assault ship Wasp, due to leave its base in Norfolk, Virginia, on Tuesday. 
Croatian teenager Iva Majoli recovered from a shaky start to see off Belgium's Dominique Monami in three sets in the first-round of the 150,000 dollar WTA Tournament here Tuesday.  The 16-year-old American-based fifth-seed from Zagreb eventuially clinched a 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 win. 
The death of two Catholic workmen, shot by Protestant gunmen at a Belfast construction site Tuesday, points to a new scenario in Ulster violence wherein loyalists could become the chief threat, experts said.  The two workers were shot as they were eating lunch by men who leaped from a car and opened fire with automatic weapons, an attack later claimed by the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF), police said. 
Greece and the former Yugoslav republic of Macedonia agreed to hold talks at the United Nations starting June 13 in an effort to resolve disputes over the name of the new country, its flag and other matters, officials said Tuesday.  Cyrus Vance, the UN-appointed mediator for Macedonia, said in a statement issued after discussions in Athens and Skopje that both governments had accepted his invitation for the new talks at the foreign minister level. 
Britain's Prince Charles, in Russia Tuesday on the second day of a four-day visit, urged local business leaders to "rebuild Russian society" and urged the west to help.  The British royal family, related by blood to the Romanov tsars, had renounced all visits to Russia after the last tsar, Nicholas II, and his family were gunned down by the Bolsheviks in 1918. But this embargo was broken in 1973 by the prince's father, the Duke of Edinburgh. 
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II said Tuesday she hoped South Africa would soon be re-admitted to the Commonwealth, 33 years after leaving over its racially-based apartheid policies.  Speaking at a state banquet at Buckingham Palace, the queen praised visiting Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe for his role in ensuring the peaceful transition to a black-governed democracy in South Africa. 
Japan held France 'A' to a 20-20 draw in the men's International Handball Tournament here Tuesday night.  The Japanese led 12-8 at the interval. 
The government extended a state of emergency in the capital for 60 days Tuesday as intelligence officials predicted a new wave of attacks for the 14th anniversary of the founding of the Shining Path guerrilla organization.  Authorities said they believed a hard-line faction of the Shining Path was seeking to destabilize Lima and had launched an "armed strike" in an effort to shut down several cities in the central Andes region of Peru. 
Sudan's government and rebels reached agreement here Tuesday on allowing relief convoys into the war-torn south of the country.  The accord is also expected to set the stage for a new round of political talks this week on ending a more-than-decade-old war that has killed hundreds of thousands of people and displaced millions of others. 
Indian police murdered and tortured hundreds of Sikhs during the decade-long insurgency in Punjab, state-sanctioned methods that are also used in Kashmir, human rights groups charged Wednesday.  The 103-page report by Human Rights Watch/Asia and Physicians for Human Rights titled "Dead Silence: The Legacy of Abuses in Punjab" was released during Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's high- profile visit to the United States. 
Local football referee Nourredine Terkhi dropped dead after being punched by a player of the Ain Boudinar Club in a West Algerian league clash against Stidia.  The incident happened in the 75th minute when Mr Terkhi showed Mohamed Korti a red card. 
Two German states Tuesday suspended for six months the deportation of Kurdish asylum-seekers because of the volatile situation in southeastern Turkey, officials said.  The decision, announced by the interior ministers of Schleswig- Holstein and Rhineland-Palatinate, was the first such move to date and affects Kurds from southeast Anatolia. But Schleswig-Holstein's Interior Minister Peter Bull said it did not include those who had committed criminal offences. 
Spain's Emilio Sanchez continued his disappointing recent run of results when he was beaten in three sets by American Bryan Shelton of the United States in the first round of the 300,000 dollar ATP tournament here on Tuesday.  The 6ft 1in Atlanta player scored a 7-6 (7/4), 4-6, 6-3 win. 
To help Americans combat rising skin cancer rates, the National Weather Service is considering adding a sunburn warning to its temperature and prospective rainfall predications.  Forecasters already give air quality and pollen counts in the summer and wind-chill warnings in the winter. 
A majority of French people would support a boycott of Italy's neo- fascist ministers by European Union countries, according to a poll released Tuesday.  The survey, carried out by the CSA polling institute for the weekly La Vie, showed 54 per cent of French people backed a boycott with 28 percent against. 
Three people have had sex-change operations in Belarus, the first to be performed in the former Soviet republic, the ITAR-TASS news agency quoted medical officials in Minsk as saying Tuesday.  The three, aged 21 and 22, underwent the surgery free of charge, according to the surgeon, professor Vladimir Podgaiski. 
Tenerife's midfield powerhouse Fernando Redondo has been offrered a four-year contract by Spanish giants Real Madrid.  The transfer of the Argentinian player was announced jointly by the Club chairmen Ramon Mendoza and Javier Perez in the Spanish capital on Tuesday. 
Egyptian riot police Tuesday fired tear gas at thousands of lawyers protesting the death of a colleague in police detention, wounding two people and making 39 arrests, the interior ministry said.  About 6,000 people were gathered at the bar association's headquarters in central Cairo when baton-wielding riot police intervened with tear gas as the demonstrators neared the gates to march on the presidential palace. 
English Premiership club West Ham United have transfer-listed midfielder Mike Marsh for 1.5 million pounds.  Marsh is desperate to move back north, less than a season after arriving from Liverpool, because his wife has been unable to settle in the London area. 
Hundreds of Jewish settlers protested against any Israeli pullout from the Golan Heights here Tuesday, as Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin met US Secretary of State Warren Christopher to discuss peace with Syria.  "Rabin traitor! Rabin resign!" shouted the settlers from the annexed Golan and occupied West Bank, backed by right-wing militants. 
Scotland's rugby union coach Douglas Morgan played down his tour party's injury and unavailability problems as they flew out to Argentina on Tuesday.  The Scots, who will play two Tests during their six-match visit, have lost six players with international experience. 
American composer-arranger Quincy Jones and Austrian baroque conductor Nikolaus Harnoncourt were on Tuesday awarded the 1994 Polar Music Prize by Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf.  Each received a cheque worth one million Swedish kronor (128,205 dollars), the largest money prize awarded in the music industry. 
Michael Andretti, who endured a season of frustration last year as a Formula-One rookie, remains convinced he never had a fair chance to prove himself.  Andretti, a second-row qualifier for the Indianapolis 500, returned to Indy-car racing this year after jumping to Formula-One for 1993. He won this year's Indy-car opener in Australia. 
Michael Andretti, who endured a season of frustration last year as a Formula-One rookie, remains convinced he never had a fair chance to prove himself.  Andretti, a second-row qualifier for the Indianapolis 500, returned to Indy-car racing this year after jumping to Formula-One for 1993. He won this year's Indy-car opener in Australia. 
A Ukrainian UN peacekeeper was killed by a sniper Tuesday in the eastern Bosnian enclave of Gorazde, the United Nations said.  The soldier was guarding the Ukrainian encampment when he was shot in the abdomen. He died later in a clinic, UN spokesman Eric Chaperon said. 
Wales overwhelmed Portugal 102-11 in Tuesday's World Cup qualifier here.  At half-time Wales led 43-8. 
Northern Yemeni forces said Tuesday they had shot down two helicopters from the rival south over a highway leading to Aden.  A military spokesman quoted by the North's official SABA news agency said one of the helicopter pilots was captured. He said nothing about the other. 
US marines are to hold maneuvers in the Caribbean on an amphibious vessel, but the exercise is unrelated to the situation in Haiti, Pentagon officials said Tuesday.  Defense Department spokesman Dennis Boxx said 650 marines were involved in the maneuvers of undetermined duration on the assault ship Wasp, due to leave its base in Norfolk, Virginia, on Tuesday. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao will visit Moscow June 14-15, the Interfax news agency said Tuesday.  It quoted Russian diplomatic sources as saying Rao would meet with President Boris Yeltsin for talks on trade and military cooperation. 
Opposition candidate Jose Francisco Pena Gomez charged fraud Tuesday and demanded a partial annulment of the Dominican Republic's presidential vote returns as President Joaquin Balaguer took a solid lead.  In a sign of the sharply rising tensions, three truckloads of heavily armed police were seen near his campaign headquarters here even as Pena Gomez addressed a news conference. 
Blue-chip stocks rallied along with bonds Tuesday as financial markets responded favorably to the Federal Reserve action boosting two key interest rates.  The Dow Jones industrial average was up 49.11 points at 3,720.61, its highest level since March 28. 
A tobacco company study done 30 years ago and then suppressed could have saved millions of lives if the government had known smoking was dangerous and addictive, a former government official said Monday.  "Treating the symptoms of smoking ... is closing the armory door after the deadly instruments of destruction have been let loose," said Joseph Califano, a former health secretary under president Jimmy Carter (1977-1981) and advisor to president Lyndon Johnson (1963-1969). 
Bosnia's warring factions could be close to reaching a ceasefire, UN mediator Lord Owen said Tuesday following a three-hour meeting with Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic.  Owen, co-chairman of the Geneva peace conference on former Yugoslavia said the meeting had concentrated on the "most important priority" which was ending the fighting. 
A Greek bearing a gift sent England on their way to victory and severely embarrassed the whole business of World Cup qualification in Tuesday's friendly match at Wembley.  After a sluggish start, in which the Greeks showed brief flashes of the form that took them unbeaten to the top of their World Cup qualifying group, Terry Venables' side, now facing a summer wondering what might have been, slipped into gear on the greasy, rain-soaked surface and scored a 5-0 win. 
England: Flowers (Blackburn); Jones (Liverpool), Le Saux (Blackburn), Richardson (Aston Villa), Bould (Arsenal), Adams (Arsenal), Platt (Sampdoria), Merson (Arsenal), Shearer (Blackburn), Beardsley (Newcastle), Anderton (Tottenham). Subs: Le Tissier (Southampton), Wright (Arsenal), Pearce (Nottm Forest), Pallister (Man Utd), Seaman (Arsenal).  Greece: Karkamanis; Apostolakis, Karagiannis, Kolitsidakis, Kalitzakis, Tsalouchidis, Hantzidis, Nioplias, Machias, Kofidis, Tsiantakis. Subs: Karacaidis, Kostis, Mitropoulos, Minou, Saravakos. 
The Federal Reserve boosted two key interest rates Tuesday and appeared to succeed in reassuring financial markets, with analysts predicting the increase would be the last for a while.  The Fed raised the overnight interbank rate half a percentage point from 3.75 percent to 4.25 percent and its discount rate from three to 3.5 percent. 
Pakistani President Farooq Ahmed Leghari may meet with Secretary of State Warren Christopher on a private visit here next week, as the United States tries to urge Pakistan to cap its nuclear weapons program.  The Pakistani president's US visit is "strictly private," and is essentially to attend his son Awais' graduation from the University of Rochester, New York, at the weekend, a Pakistani embassy spokesman said Tuesday. 
Argentina's clay-court specialist Guillermo Perez-Roldan has withdrawn from next week's French Open Championships at roland Garros because of a hand injury.  Perez-Roldan, currently ranked 164th and preparing for his eighth campaign in Paris in as many years, will be replaced by Kennth Carlsen of Denmark. 
The Security Council decided Tuesday to keep in place the strict trade and diplomatic embargo slapped on Iraq in 1990, diplomats said.  Ibrahim Gambari, the Nigerian ambassador presiding over the council this month, said that in the absence of a consensus, council members decided not to change the embargo imposed following the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. 
The dollar fell against other major currencies except the pound sterling on Tuesday despite the rise in two key central bank interest rates.  The US central bank raised the overnight interbank rate half a percentage point from 3.75 percent to 4.25 percent and its discount rate from 3.0 to 3.5 percent. 
Officials from seven countries will meet this week in Washington to discuss the peace process in Bosnia-Hercegovina, the White House said Tuesday.  The seven countries, which last week in Geneva adopted a declaration on a peace plan for Bosnia, will meet Thursday and Friday, said White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers. 
Heavily armed elite army troops and police officers fanned out in the Dominican capital Tuesday to deter unrest amid opposition charges that Monday's presidential vote was marred by fraud.  Leading opposition candidate Jose Francisco Pena Gomez charged fraud Tuesday and demanded a partial annulment of the vote returns as incumbent President Joaquin Balaguer took a solid first-place lead. 
Heavily armed elite army troops and police officers fanned out in the Dominican capital Tuesday to deter unrest amid opposition charges that Monday's presidential vote was marred by fraud.  Leading opposition candidate Jose Francisco Pena Gomez charged fraud Tuesday and demanded a partial annulment of the vote returns as incumbent President Joaquin Balaguer took a solid first-place lead. 
A blast wrecked the third floor offices of US computer giant IBM in a building in central Athens Tuesday evening, but no injuries were reported, police said.  A caller who said he was from the November 17 extremist group phoned a commercial radio station to give a warning a few minutes before the blast in the Syndagma building. 
A new law legalizing the consumption and possession of drugs for personal use in Colombia, home to the world's most powerful cocaine cartels, took effect Tuesday.  The May 5 ruling by the Constitutional Court has drawn an angry response from President Cesar Gaviria's government, which is engaged in a virtual state of war with cocaine cartels based in Cali and Medellin. 
Despite a widespread myth of affluence, many Asian-Americans live in poverty and face obstacles to improving their situation, said a study released Wednesday.  For every Asian-American household with an annual income of 75,000 dollars or more, there is roughly another earning below 10,000 dollars, according to the study by the Asian Pacific American Public Policy Institute. 
The United States is firmly committed to bolstering Israeli security to help promote a withdrawal from the Golan Heights and a peace accord with Syria, a White House official said Tuesday.  Anthony Lake, national security adviser to President Bill Clinton, said Washington would seek to compensate Israel for the loss of the strategic plateau Israel occupied in 1967 and annexed in 1981. 
In keeping with President Bill Clinton's pledge to be open and avoid any appearance of conflict of interest, the White House published the first family's net worth for 1993 Tuesday.  But the financial disclosure -- which also included first daughter Chelsea's assets -- only gave a ballpark figure of between 633,000 and 1.6 million dollars as it was calculated on a margin, rather than exact worth. 
The last of Israel's soldiers left their positions in Gaza City early Wednesday, completing the pull-out from the autonomous Palestinian territories of the Gaza Strip and Jericho, an AFP correspondent said.  The soldiers left firing teargas at taunting Palestinian youths outside the police station, military headquarters and the Hof military camp, where the feared Israeli border guards were stationed. 
Brazil's Varig airline soon will eliminate 2,650 jobs in an effort to steer clear of bankruptcy, its chairman said Tuesday.  Varig, one of the biggest Latin American airlines, owes creditors 1.9 billion dollars. 
An Andean volcano erupted here Tuesday, spewing lava, smoke and ashes over a wide area, including across the border into Argentina, officials said.  The El Llaima volcano eruption prompted an alert in several communities around Temuco, some 610 kilometers (400 miles) south of Santiago, police said. 
She can book the biggest suite in the grandest hotel in the world, but that isn't Steffi Graf's idea of paradise.  The girl who probably has more money than she knows what to do with does not like to surround herself with the trappings of luxury. And she revealed this week that she has spent some of her most enjoyable times away from tennis with the poor people of the Dominican Republic. 
The US dollar opened lower at 104.41 yen in Tokyo on Wednesday, down 0.29 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.70 yen.  The opening rate compared with New York's late Tuesday quote of 104.55 yen. 
British ministers are set to discuss Thursday privatisation of a large part of the Post Office, raising at least one billion pounds (one and a half billion dollars), government sources said Tuesday.  The sell-off to members of the public and Post Office staff would be the biggest privatisation of John Major's premiership -- and the one that his predecessor Margaret Thatcher vetoed. 
The Israeli army early Wednesday pulled out of its last positions in Gaza City, completing its withdrawal from the autonomous Palestinian territories of the Gaza Strip and Jericho, an AFP correspondent said.  Soldiers fired teargas at jeering youths as they left the military adminstration building, the police station and the Hof military camp, where the Border Guards were stationed. 
The United States is firmly committed to bolstering Israeli security to help promote a withdrawal from the Golan Heights and a peace accord with Syria, a White House official said Tuesday.  Anthony Lake, national security adviser to President Bill Clinton, said Washington would seek to compensate Israel for the loss of the strategic plateau Israel occupied in 1967 and annexed in 1981. 
King Norodom Sihanouk said his latest proposal for peace talks between the government and the Khmer Rouge was doomed and that Cambodia would face more violence and social upheaval, the Cambodian Daily said Wednesday.  "There won't be any peace talks at all ... because (Co-premier) Hun Sen is very reluctant ... very adamant against any flexibility vis-a-vis the Khmer Rouge," the English language daily quoted the king as saying. 
A disgruntled Prince Charles, heir to the British throne, has been landed with a 160,000 pounds (240,000 dollars) annual bill for his estranged wife Diana's "grooming", the Daily Mail said Wednesday.  The 3,000-pounds (4,500 dollars) a week account is believed to cover some of Princess Diana's clothing, casual wear for her sons, her alternative therapy treatments, make-up, hairdressing and some gifts. 
The Japanese government submitted to parliament Tuesday a 40-day extension of a stop-gap budget for the current fiscal year which began April 1, officials said.  The government of former prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa was forced to draft a 50-day provisional budget, which will expire May 20, due to political turmoil and the stalling of the national budget for 1994. 
The leading presidential candidate for the October elections in Brazil said Tuesday he would bar what he called foreign speculation in the country's financial markets if elected.  Workers Party candidate Luis Inacio "Lula" da Silva said foreign capital would be "welcome" if it were aimed at generating jobs, but maintained, "Brazil does not want them (investors) if they are coming to speculate." 
A special assembly of federal members of parliament and regional delegates meets in Berlin next Monday to choose the first head of state of a reunited Germany in what promises to be a close-run vote.  The assembly has to find a replacement for the popular and well- respected Richard von Weizsaecker, aged 74, who will have served the maximum of two five-year terms allowed by the constitution and therefore must retire. 
At the half-way point in the 47th International Film Festival here, Cannes is still waiting for a clear frontrunner in the race for the prestigious Golden Palm.  At the same stage that, last year, Jane Campion's "The Piano" was virtually already over the line, critics and public alike are equally divided about who will take to the stage next Monday night. 
A nine-year-old girl who did not like her teacher bribed classmates to blackmail him with false accusations of sexual abuse, Chicago police said.  The disgruntled schoolgirl paid her classmates a mere dollar to lie about their teacher, 43-year-old Albert Thompson, police said. 
The Israeli army pulled out of its last positions in Gaza City early Wednesday behind clouds of teargas, completing its withdrawal from newly-autonomous Palestinian land, an AFP correspondent said.  Soldiers fired into the air and let off teargas canisters as they left under a hail of stones and bottles thrown by jeering Palestinian youths. 
Japan Airlines Co. Ltd. (JAL) said Wednesday it would launch a new daily non-stop joint flight with Air France between the new Kansai International Airport in Osaka and Paris.  The new service, subject to government approval, would be operated three times a week by Japan Airlines 747-400 aircraft and four times a week by Air France Airbus A340s, JAL said. 
Americans marked the 40th anniversary of the Supreme Court's ruling to desgregate schools Tuesday, but discrimination and poverty continue to separate black and white children in the United States.  On May 17, 1954, the high court declared that the country's "separate but equal" education system was unconstitutional, and ruled that traditionally white schools must admit blacks. 
The United States will contribute six million dollars to the international court for war crimes committed in the former Yugoslavia, the White House said Tuesday.  The designation of funds for supplies and services was included in a memorandum from President Bill Clinton to Secretary of State Warren Christopher. 
The State Department warned Tuesday that US nationals traveling in Yemen risked being captured and held hostage.  "The US government has learned that Islamic extremists may be planning to initiate a hostage-taking against Westerners in Yemen. US citizens could be at risk as potential targets," the department said in a statement. 
New Zealand's budget surplus in the next financial year will be about half a billion NZ dollars (285 million dollars) less than private sector forecasts, Finance Minister Bill Birch said Wednesday.  Private sector economists' predictions of the 1994-95 surplus range past the one billion dollars mark, said Birch in a newsletter to business and financial circles, adding the government was expecting the fiscal profile through to 1995-96 to be consistent with the October 1993 pre-election update. 
Cambodian co-premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen said Wednesday they had agreed to holding peace talks with the Khmer Rouge in Pyongyang without preconditions, in response to an appeal by King Norodom Sihanouk.  The co-premiers had sent an official letter to the king "saying that we are ready to go to Pyongyang without ceasefire, without preconditions," Prince Ranariddh told journalists. "Let talks begin," he added. 
An earthquake jolted the western side of Sumatra island but there were no reports of damages or casualties, an official said Wednesday.  Udiono of the Jakarta Meteorology and Geophysics agency said the quake, measuring 5.2 on the Richter scale, jolted Padang at 4:45 p.m. (0945 GMT) Tuesday. 
Businessman Bakili Muluzi's United Democratic Front (UDF) took an early lead Wednesday in the first returns from Malawi's landmark first democratic election, shaping up to oust veteran overlord Kamuzu Banda.  Based on a very limited count so far in Malawi's 2,400 counting stations, the UDF was ahead in the Mangochi and Zomba districts in the south of the country, leading Banda's Malawi Congress Party and trade unionist and pioneering reformer Chakufwa Chihana's Alliance for Democracy (AFORD). 
Police said here Wednesday they were looking into the business affairs of a bank vice-president who committed suicide amid allegations of possible financial improprieties.  Senior Police Officer Albert Fernandez told AFP they would focus on the affairs of Reynaldo Feliciano, a vice-president of the Bank of Commerce, who shot himself in his home on Tuesday. 
Japan's Finance Minister Hirohisa Fujii said Wednesday Japan needed to maintain low interest rates to support its weakened economy, ruling out any possible of monetary policy changes in response to overnight US rate hikes.  "A country's monetary policy must reflect its economic situation," Fujii said. 
The government of this island state of Vanuatu will face a no- confidence motion alleging corruption and breaches of codes of conduct, officials said Wednesday.  Parliamentary officials said they had received a written no-confidence motion which would be heard after a minimum of seven days' sittings in the next session, which starts Thursday. 
South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo on Wednesday held out hopes for a negotiated solution to the nuclear standoff with North Korea despite news Pyongyang had started refuelling a nuclear reactor.  Han, now on a trip to Bangkok, told accompanying journalists it was "improper" for North Korea to start the refuelling process without the presence of inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). 
Cambodia's Khmer Rouge guerrillas Wednesday dismissed Hanoi's call for border negotiations with Phnom Penh, saying the boundary between the two countries was internationally recognized in the 1960s.  In a broadcast monitored in Bangkok, Khmer Rouge radio demanded that Hanoi "return all Cambodian territory, whether on land or sea, that was seized or occupied" since the Vietnamese occupation of Cambodia in 1979. 
Japan's Casio Computer Co. Ltd. said Wednesday its consolidated pre- tax earnings dived 30.4 percent from a year earlier to 8.5 billion yen (83 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Japan's Casio Computer Co. Ltd. said Wednesday its group profit before tax dived 30.4 percent from a year earlier to 8.5 billion yen (83 million dollars) in the year to March but forecast a rebound.  The leading manufacturer of digital watches and calculators said worldwide sales dropped 11.1 percent to 384 billion yen. Sales abroad plunged 27.7 percent to 197 billion yen as a result of the stronger yen, slashing the overseas share of total revenue from almost two thirds to barely a half. 
A poll released Wednesday showed that 51.1 percent of the Japanese were in favour of holding new general elections as soon as parliament approves stalled national budget bills for the current fiscal year.  Debate on budget bills, stalled since early March, is expected to end by the end of June with cooperation between Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata's minority coalition government and opposition parties. 
Japan should draw a lesson from the row that erupted earlier this month when a Japanese minister defended the country's militarist past, Chinese President Jiang Zemin was quoted as saying Wednesday.  "Not long ago, an issue which ran counter to history and to the popular will of (the Japanese and Chinese) people, caused disharmony," Jiang said, referring to remarks by former Japanese justice minister Shigeto Nagano that the 1937 massacre of Chinese civilians in Nanjing by Japanese troops was a hoax. 
South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo has begun a brief visit to Thailand for talks stressing bilateral and regional relations, officials said Wednesday.  Han, who started a tour of four regional nations in the Philippines, is to visit Vietnam and Indonesia after Thailand. 
A man believed to be mentally deranged passed by tight security at Manila airport before dawn Wednesday and clambered on top of a parked passenger jet, Philippine aviation officials said.  Airport police gave chase after they spotted Nestor Escaran, 20, on the ramp area of the domestic airport. The man then ran up the rear stairway of a parked Philippine Airlines airbus and managed to climb atop the plane, they said. 
Bombers blasted an empty beach police station early Wednesday at Bidart, an Atlantic resort some 10 kilometres (six miles) southwest of this southern French city in the Basque country, police said.  The blast badly damaged the single-storey building, as well as shops and apartment blocks up to 100 metres (yards) away, but no injuries were reported. 
Investment commitments in priority areas in the Philippines rose 54 percent on an annual basis to 61.02 billion pesos (2.26 billion dollars) in the first four months of 1994, the government's Board of Investments said Wednesday.  Planned investments in the manufacturing sector accounted for 57 percent of the total, followed by the public utilities sector with 19 percent, the board said. 
The growing demand for bird's nest soup in Hong Kong and other Asian countries is threatening the swiftlet bird population, the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) said Wednesday.  The population of Asian swiftlets is being threatened due to a growing demand for soup made from their nests, made from the birds' saliva and considered a health tonic by Asians, WWF said. 
Philippine Long Distance and Telephone Co. (PLDT), the country's main telecommunications firm, announced here Thursday it had boosted total assets to 67.2 billion pesos (2.4 billion dollars) in the first quarter of this year.  This represented a 3.8 billion peso or a six percent increase in its total assets, a PLDT statement issued here said. 
A government prosecutor said Wednesday he plans to drop vandalism charges against a Malaysian teenager allegedly involved in a spate of spray painting cars with a young American, Michael Fay, who was caned recently.  Ng Cheng Thiam told juvenile court magistrate Tan Choon Kiat that the prosecution was going to rely on the testimony of accomplices of the 15-year-old, who cannot be named under Singapore laws because of his age. 
Rover Japan Ltd. on Wednesday put on sale two new recreational vehicles, with price tags some three million yen (31,000 dollars) cheaper than the previous models, company officials said.  The Japanese unit of major British automaker set prices for Range Rover at 5.95 million yen (57,000 dollars), down from previous 8.95 million yen and Range Rover Vanden Plas at 6.95 million yen, down from 9.9 million yen, reflecting the company's policy to reduce prices by refunding exchange rate gains, they said. 
President Joaquin Balaguer seems closer to being re-elected for a seventh term, as partial results from Monday's general elections put him ahead of his nearest rival by a 44-40 percent margin.  Trailing behind 87-year-old Balaguer and opposition candidate Jose Francisco Pena Gomez, 57, was former president Juan Bosch, 81, with 13 percent of the vote, the Central Election Board said with 62 percent of the vote count in. 
Palestinian policemen and the armed guerrillas of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's Fatah movement fired 25,000 bullets in the air Wednesday to celebrate the "liberation" of Gaza after 27 years of occupation.  "I'm flying like a bird," said Ziyad al Atrash, one of the PLO generals who has returned to the Strip to run the police force. "I am waking from a dream and I feel it has become reality. 
China said Wednesday the economy would grow by 12 percent in the first half of 1993, two percentage points higher than its target for the year.  In a report carried by all major newspapers, State Planning Commission spokesman Wei Liqun said industrial output would grow by 18 percent from January to June over the same period last year, while fixed asset investment and consumer sales would rise by 30 percent and 22 percent respectively. 
Eight gold bars worth about 10 million yen (96,000 dollars) have been found at a garbage collection point under a crowded railway overpass in Tokyo, but three months after the discovery, nobody has shown up claiming he was the owner, police said Wednesday.  Along with the gold bars, found by local residents, were six gold and silver coins from the United States, Mexico and France. 
Japan is expected to accept numerical targets in the field of government procurement to revive stalled trade talks with the United States prior to July's Group of Seven (G7) summit, newspapers said Wednesday.  During planned talks starting Thursday in Washington, the Japanese side is expected to propose setting "some criteria" to gauge Japanese government procurement of various products, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun said. 
China's State Development Bank (SDB) is to pump more than 800 million dollars into the country's cash-strapped power sector which is struggling to meet increased capacity targets, the China Daily said Wednesday.  The SDB, one of three new policy banks reponsible for reforming China's financial system, will grant seven billion yuan (808 million dollars) in loans to the power sector this year, the newspaper said. 
Early unofficial results from Malawi's landmark elections showed the three main presidential candidates leading in their regional powerbases Wednesday, state-controlled radio said.  Bakili Muluzi of the United Democratic Front -- who has been tipped to win the presidency -- was leading in the south, President Hastings Kamuzu Banda was ahead in the central region and Chakufwa Chihana of the alliance for Democracy was on top in the north, the radio said. 
The Indian government has handed out approvals for the first companies seeking to tap overseas capital markets following the failure of a billion-dollar float by the overseas telecom monopoly.  Truck manufacturer Tata Engineering, scooter maker Bajaj Auto and J.K. Synthetics are among the companies given the green signal, The Economic Times reported Wednesday. 
Israel has corrected a "great error" by pulling out of the Gaza Strip overnight, Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said Wednesday as he left for Oslo.  "We have corrected a great error, which would have become even worse with time," Peres told reporters at Ben Gurion airport. 
Five North Koreans who escaped from controversial Pyongyang-run logging camps in Siberia arrived here Wednesday to seek asylum in South Korea.  A foreign ministry spokesman said the five would receive vocational training and unspecified sums for resettlement. 
Japan's Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. announced Wednesday a pre-tax profit of 52 billion yen (505 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a loss of 7.27 billion yen a year earlier.  The country's second biggest securities company said operating revenue rebounded 20 percent to 297 billion yen in the same period. 
The rand continued to struggle against the dollar here Wednesday, opening at 3.6635/50 to the greeback, down from its previous close of 3.6560/75.  Dealers said the market was jittery and reluctant to be caught short of dollars, causing the rand to slip to a record low of 3.67 during Tuesday's trade. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Estate Co. Ltd. said Wednesday its pre-tax profit plunged 33 percent from a year earlier to 47.4 billion yen (460 million dollars) in the year to March.  But the company, the biggest landowner in Tokyo's central business district, said revenue grew 26 percent to 440 billion yen in the same period. 
Swedish automaker Volvo registered a pre-tax profit of 3.3 billion kronor (423 million dollars) for the first three months of 1994, compared to a loss of 331 million kronor (42.4 million dollars) last year, Volvo said Wednesday.  Operating profit totalled 1.96 billion kronor (251.2 million dollars) for the period, compared to a loss of 189 million kronor (24.2 million dollars) during the corresponding period last year. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher flew back to Syria on Wednesday after a day of talks in Israel seeking to bring the two neighbours back to the peace table, officials said.  Before leaving Ben Gurion airport, he met Palestinian leader Faisal Husseini at the US consulate in East Jerusalem. 
Japan's Olympus Optical Co. Ltd. announced Wednesday a consolidated pre-tax loss of 245 million yen (2.4 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 10.4 billion yen a year earlier.  The leading camera manufacturer said worldwide sales fell more than 10 percent during the same period to 240 billion yen. 
The dollar fell in Tokyo to close Wednesday at 104.18 yen, down 0.52 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.70 yen, despite a US interest rate hike overnight.  The central Bank of Japan was seen buying the US unit in the lower 104 yen level as dollar selling in Tokyo was led by Japanese exporters, dealers said. 
For those Japanese who say the cost of rail travel is daylight robbery, there's a new twist -- a railway company is offering a trip in which it stages a holdup of its own customers.  The fake robbery is part of the fun in a special trip by the famous bullet train, a so-called Theatre Express running 400 kilometers (250 miles) between Tokyo and Morioka, the Japan Times reported Wednesday. 
US veterans returned a collection of war souvenirs at a ceremony here Wednesday to help Vietnam account for some of its 300,000 people still missing from the conflict that ended nearly two decades ago.  Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) handed over briefcases containing identity cards, photographs and burial maps that could help uncover the fate of as many as 1,800 missing Vietnamese. 
Cambodian co-premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen said Wednesday they had agreed to hold peace talks in Pyongyang with the Khmer Rouge without preconditions in response to an appeal by King Norodom Sihanouk.  The co-premiers had sent an official letter to the king "saying that we are ready to go to Pyongyang without ceasefire, without preconditions," Prince Ranariddh told journalists at Phnom Penh airport. "Let talks begin," he added. 
China forecast Wednesday its economy would expand by 12 percent in the first half of 1994, an announcement that made its goal of pegging growth and inflation to below 10 percent look increasingly unrealistic.  In a report carried by all major newspapers, State Planning Commission spokesman Wei Liqun said industrial output would grow by 18 percent from January to June over the same period last year, while fixed asset investment and consumer sales would rise by 30 and 22 percent respectively. 
China said Wednesday the country's most celebrated dissident Wei Jingsheng was still under investigation, denying reports that a formal decision had been reached to bring him to trial.  A public security ministry spokesman made it clear that investigations into alleged "fresh crimes" committed by Wei had yet to be concluded. 
Swedish automaker Volvo registered a pre-tax profit of 3.3 billion kronor (423 million dollars) for the first three months of 1994, compared to a loss of 331 million kronor (42.4 million dollars) last year, Volvo said Wednesday.  Operating profit totalled 1.96 billion kronor (251.2 million dollars) for the period, compared to a loss of 189 million kronor (24.2 million dollars) during the corresponding period last year. 
Beijing moved quickly Wednesday to rule out any possibility of South Africa's extending dual recognition to China and Taiwan.  "We are against any form of dual recognition," a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said. 
Syria's official press rejected a phased Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights as US Secretary of State Warren Christopher prepared to hold more talks Wednesday with Syrian Hafez al-Assad.  In Washington US National Security Advisor Anthony Lake said the United States was determined to strengthen Israel's security in a bid to help promote a withdrawal from the plateau and a peace accord between Israel and Syria. 
Japan's Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. announced Wednesday pre-tax earnings of 50.7 billion yen (492 million dollars) for the year to March, up sharply from 2.38 billion yen a year earlier.  The country's biggest securities company said operating revenue climbed 16 percent to 399 billion yen in the same period. 
Syria's official press rejected a phased Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights as US Secretary of State Warren Christopher prepared to hold more talks Wednesday with Syrian President Hafez al-Assad.  In Washington US National Security Advisor Anthony Lake said the United States was determined to strengthen Israel's security in a bid to help promote a withdrawal from the plateau and a peace accord between Israel and Syria. 
The United States said Wednesday it would continue efforts to prise open markets in Japan and China amid suggestions here that the new World Trade Organisation (WTO) take a bigger role in policing trade.  US Assistant Trade Representative Ira Wolf said that while Washington had not dropped its commitment to lead the fight for open markets, Japan and China should also play a responsible role. 
The Japanese government submitted to parliament Tuesday a 40-day extention of a stop-gap budget for the current fiscal year which began April 1, officials said.  The government of former prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa was forced to draft the 50-day provisional budget, which will expire May 20, due to political turmoil, which is continuing to stall the passage of the national budget. 
South Africa's dominant party, the African National Congress (ANC), has more than doubled the expected cost of its ambitious plan to wipe out apartheid's backlogs, reports said Wednesday.  The Reconstruction and Development Programme (RDP), the cornerstone of President Nelson Mandela's government of national unity, will now cost 80-90 billion rand (21-24 billion dollars) over five years, according to the ANC's economic think-tank. 
The death of a China Airlines (CAL) co-pilot after landing at Taiwan international airport where the radar system also went out of action for 30 minutes heightened fears about air safety Wednesday.  Another incident involving a CAL airliner happened in Hong Kong on Wednesday where a plane's hydraulic system broke down, the company said. Taiwan airport was also put on the alert Wednesday when a plane belonging to the private EVA Air company reported mechanical problems and returned to Taiwan. 
Israel has offered to withdraw from the Golan Heights in three phases in exchange for peace with Syria, which has shown keen interest in the plan, The Washington Post said Wednesday.  Israel also wants international monitors and electronic devices installed on the strategic plateau, and a demilitarized zone extending to neighboring parts of Syria, unnamed officials involved in the mediation between Israel and Syria told the daily. 
Australian Foreign Minister Gareth Evans cast doubt Wednesday on the size of a planned UN peacekeeping force in violence-torn Rwanda and refused to commit his country's troops immediately.  Evans said Australia would not send its soldiers as part of a UN force until the international body defined a workable plan with sufficient resources to carry it out. 
A court on Tuesday jailed for 11 months the 73-year-old ex-chairman of the Bank Leumi, Israel's leading bank, for criminal involvement in a 1983 share crash.  Ernst Japhet was found guilty of manipulating shares and falsifying financial reports in the scandal which saw Israel's top banks artificially force up their own stock market prices. 
The United States, from 1988 to 1992, approved at least 1,500 exports of nuclear-related equipment to companies or organizations suspected of involvement in nuclear proliferation, a congressional report says.  More than half the exports went to organizations linked to Israel's nuclear program while the rest were sent to Argentina, Brazil, India, Iraq, Iran, Pakistan and South Africa, countries suspected of developing nuclear weapons, the General Accounting Office (GAO) said in a report issued Tuesday. 
Swedish automaker Volvo registered a pre-tax profit of 3.3 billion kronor (423 million dollars) for the first three months of 1994, compared to a loss of 331 million kronor (42.4 million dollars) last year, Volvo said Wednesday.  Operating profit totalled 1.96 billion kronor (251.2 million dollars) for the period, compared to a loss of 189 million kronor (24.2 million dollars) during the corresponding period last year. 
Japan appears ready to accept specific targets in the field of government procurement to revive stalled trade talks with the United States.  During talks to start Thursday in Washington, the Japanese side is expected to propose setting "some criteria" to gauge Japanese government procurement of various products, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun said Wednesday. 
Rwandan rebels have turned their attention away from the capital Kigali and are advancing towards a town to the southwest where the government fled last month, United Nations officials said Wednesday.  Sporadic mortar blasts and small arms fire rocked the blood-sodden capital Wednesday as guerrillas of the rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF) fought government soldiers. 
The United States is looking at different recipes for cutting down China's most-favored-nation (MFN) status in protest of Beijing's human rights record, a senior US official said here.  Rather than dropping China from the list of nations which benefit from reduced trade tariffs, a "whole range of alternatives" is possible, the official said late Tuesday. 
Cambodia's King Norodom Sihanouk returned to Beijing Wednesday to resume medical treatment for a cancer that has spread to his bone marrow.  Although smiling and waving, King Sihanouk was cleary weak and had to be helped down the steps from the airplane after his flight landed at Beijing's international airport. 
Hong Kong stock prices soared 4.78 percent in active trading Wednesday as investors went on a buying frenzy confident that there would be no more further US interest rate hikes in the next few months.  The blue-chip Hang Seng Index gained 431.94 points to close with the second largest single-day gains so far this year at 9,476.64 -- its highest level in five weeks. 
Japan and Russia are considering mutual port calls by navy ships in a bid to build mutual trust, a press report said Wednesday.  Japanese and Russian defense officials are expected to discuss the matter in Tokyo on Thursday, the Sankei national daily said. 
The lure of rising commodity prices drew eager currency traders into a scramble for Australian dollars Wednesday which propelled the unit to an 18-month high.  The domestic currency climbed over a 73.00 US cent barrier to peak at 73.21 US cents in early trade before closing at 73.09 US cents and analysts said it could hit 73.50 US cents within 24 hours. 
Millions of locusts have descended on at least two towns near Manila damaging agricultural crops and grounding air force planes at a military base, officials said Wednesday.  Bureau of Plant Industry official Cecilio Diloy blamed the swarms on the 1991 eruption of Pinatubo volcano, which he said rendered large areas of agricultural areas useless and encouraged breeding. 
The National Bank of Belgium trimmed its key directive central rate by 0.10 percentage points from 5.35 to 5.25 percent here Wednesday following a similar reduction a week ago.  The Belgian central bank also lowered several other interest rates, including the rate for overnight advances to financial institutions within their credit ceilings, which fell from 6.85 to 6.75 percent. 
Denmark declined Wednesday to send troops to join a UN peace force in Rwanda, saying African countries ought to be backing the initiative.  Foreign Minister Niels Petersen said he was sceptical about the plan to deploy 5,500 soldiers to protect civilians and aid agency staff in the bloodied central African state. The basis for the mission was "a bit unclear" and one big question mark was whether the UN troops would have "reasonable" means to carry out their task, the minister said. 
A senior Washington official confirmed Wednesday that the United States is holding discussions with Australia and ASEAN nations about helping Cambodia defend itself against a new Khmer Rouge offensive.  Winston Lord, assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, said Washington believed the freely elected Cambodian government must be supported, preferably by a multilateral operation. 
Malaysia's central bank on Wednesday unloaded US dollars in an aggressive bid to shore up the local currency and also eased a curb on foreign-buying of long-term bonds to expedite the ringgit's recovery, brokers said.  The move comes only two days after Bank Negara lifted a levy on vostro accounts (ringgit accounts required to be held by foreigners in local banks), one of six measures introduced in February to curb an influx of speculative foreign cash. 
South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo on Wednesday held out hopes for a negotiated solution to the nuclear standoff with North Korea, despite news that Pyongyang had already started refuelling a reactor that is at the heart of the crisis.  Meanwhile, a three-member team from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), was to start Wednesday their week-long inspections of nuclear facilities in North Korea, Pyongyang radio said. 
Malaysia's central bank on Wednesday unloaded US dollars in an aggressive bid to shore up the local currency and also eased a curb on foreign-buying of long-term bonds to expedite the ringgit's recovery, brokers said.  The move comes only two days after Bank Negara lifted a levy on vostro accounts (ringgit accounts required to be held by foreigners in local banks), one of six measures introduced in February to curb an influx of speculative foreign cash. 
Japan's major textile manufacturer Choya Corp. said Wednesday it plans to set up a joint venture in China with four Japanese and Chinese companies, including international distribution group Yaohan.  This joint venture would become a base for shirts production and sales in the Asian markets, an official of Choya Corp. said. 
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, the celebrated Russian dissident writer expelled by the old Soviet regime, will return home by the end of the month after 20 years in exile, his wife said in an interview published Wednesday.  "We have always known that we would come back one day or another. The fate of Alexander Solzhenitsyn must end on Russian soil," his wife Natalya Svetlova told the Russian paper Izvestia. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Wednesday briefed President Hafez al-Assad on his talks with Israeli leaders as the official press dismissed the idea of a phased return of the Golan Heights.  Christopher was met on arrival from Israel by Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shara and went directly to the presidential palace. 
British unemployment fell an encouraging 36,800 in April, while inflation rose to 2.6 percent, and public sector borrowing fell to show a 4.35 billion pound deficit, official statistics showed Wednesday.  Seasonally-adjusted unemployment fell by a 36,800 in April to a total of 2,682,500 taking the rate to 9.5 percent of the working population from 9.7 percent in March, the central statistical office (CSO) said. 
Vietnam Airlines has signed a deal with Delta Airlines Inc. to coordinate schedules as a way to tap into potential lucrative route to the United States ahead of direct air links, a report said Wednesday.  Under the deal, the two airlines will coordinate schedules through an as yet undetermined Asian hub to allow easy transfers for passengers flying between the two countries, the Vietnam News Agency said. 
Japan's crude steel production in April dropped 5.7 percent from a year earlier to 7.961 million tonnes for the seventh straight year-on- year decline, an industry association said Wednesday.  The decline was mostly a reaction to a large output in April last year when there was a rush in Japan's steel exports to China, the Japan Iron and Steel Federation said. 
The ruble dropped slightly against the US dollar Wednesday and was quoted at 1,880 rubles to the dollar on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange.  Volume of trade totalled 8.75 million dollars with initial demand of 46.85 million dollars and offers of 43.30 million dollars. 
Twenty nine of Russia's 100 airports were shut down Wednesday after 80 percent, or some 50,000, of the country's pilots began a strike to protest falling safety standards and poor retirement benefits, the pilots' union said.  The transport ministry's press office called the strike illegal and said the prosecutor's office had begun legal proceedings against the union. A court hearing on the matter was scheduled at mid-day Wednesday. 
Japan's Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. announced Wednesday a pre-tax profit of 17.9 billion yen (174 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a loss of 37.4 billion yen a year earlier.  The country's fourth-largest securities company said operating revenue climbed 25 percent to 236 billion yen in the same period. 
Japan's Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. announced Wednesday a pre-tax profit of 35 billion yen (340 million dollars) for the year to March, up sharply from 2.5 billion yen a year earlier.  The country's third-largest securities company said operating income rebounded 21 percent in the same period to 279 billion yen. 
Japan's NGK Insulators Ltd. said Wednesday its pre-tax earnings climbed 1.8 percent from a year earlier to 13.1 billion yen (127 million dollars) in the year to March.  The world's biggest manufacturer of insulators said sales dropped 0.3 percent to 214 billion yen, depressed by exports which fell 3.8 percent to 37 billion yen. Domestic sales rose 0.5 percent to 177 billion yen. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Estate Co. Ltd. said Wednesday its pre-tax profit plunged 33 percent from a year earlier to 47.4 billion yen (460 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast further declines this year.  The company, the biggest landowner in Tokyo's central business district, said revenue grew 26 percent to 440 billion yen in the same period. 
UN peacekeepers may be powerless to staunch Rwanda's bloodbath and will risk getting caught in crossfire, as they discovered to their cost in Somalia, diplomats and UN officials said Wednesday.  The UN Security Council voted Tuesday to increase the number of UN troops in the central African nation from 400 to 5,500, though no immediate pledges of men were forthcoming. 
President Fidel Ramos signed here Wednesday a law allowing more foreign banks to operate commercially in the Philippines, easing more than four decades of protectionism.  The law, which fulfills a key requirement of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for approval of a 650 million-dollar program, allows up to 10 additional banks, from the current four, to set up branches in the country. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin has put a stop to eating and drinking during cabinet meetings in a bid to bring some decorum to the proceedings, a senior official said Wednesday.  Rabin had seen enough of the cabinet table covered in food and drinks plastered across the world's television screens and newspapers and decided to close what had become known as "Yitzhak's cafe". 
China dismissed as "sheer fabrication" Wednesday reports that it was preparing the trial for treason of the country's most celebrated dissident Wei Jingsheng.  "Inquiries with the departments concerned show that these are a sheer fabrication," a foreign ministry spokesman said, referring to foreign press reports that Wei was about to be tried for plotting to overthrow the government using foreign forces. 
The dollar fell back in early trading on Wednesday against the main European currencies, after lifting on opening in reaction to the US Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates.  The US central bank raised the overnight interbank rate half a percentage point from 3.75 percent to 4.25 percent and its discount rate from 3.0 to 3.5 percent. 
Peace talks between Sudan's Islamic fundamentalist military government and southern, mainly Christian rebels were delayed for a third day Wednesday as rebel representatives failed to turn up, officials said.  Government negotiators and delegates from one of the two rival factions of the Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) have been waiting in Nairobi since Monday for the Kenyan-chaired meeting to open. 
A French court fined Italian businessman Valter Lannutti 2,000 francs (360 dollars) and then impounded his new BMW -- worth 530,000 francs (95,000 dollars) -- which police radar recorded hitting the Paris to Brussels highway at 236 kilometres (146 miles) an hour.  The court at Valenciennes heard that Lannutti, 43, runs a transport firm in Cueno, Italy. He was caught on the A2 motorway in the north on Tuesday and tried the same evening under France's new streamlined procedures for tackling traffic offences. 
This southern bastion echoed to the thunder of artillery on Wednesday as fighting between rival Yemeni forces moved markedly closer, an AFP correspondent reported.  It was the first time the sound of battle could be heard so clearly in the port city of Aden, stronghold of Vice-President Ali Salem Baid, whose forces are fighting off a northern offensive. 
President Bill Clinton has asked Britain to allow the US Coast Guard to use the Turks and Caicos Islands to process thousands of Haitian refugees, The Washington Post said Wednesday.  Clinton made the request in a telephone conversation Monday with British Prime Minister John Major, who told him he would give the matter careful consideration, unnamed administration officials told the daily. 
The Malaysian government Wednesday banned rock concerts sponsored by US tobacco manufacturer RJ Reynolds, claiming that they  promoted a culture that could lead to drug abuse among youths.  "The ban was decided by the cabinet based on police information that the concerts promoted smoking, consumption of alcoholic drinks and free mixing which is feared will lead to drug abuse," Information Minister Mohamed Rahmat said. 
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto's government said Wednesday that the threat of Pakistan's nuclear capability had protected it from an attack by India.  "It is because of the balance of terror that India has not gone on the offensive," Interior Minister Naseerullah Babar said in the Senate. 
Australia's powerful centre pairing of Tim Horan and Jason Little is threatened by injury sustained in last Saturday's Super Ten final victory over Natal in South Africa.  Horan torn his cruciate and both medial ligaments in his left knee, as well as damaging cartilages and dislocating his knee cap. 
North Korea has asked India for emergency supplies of food and medical drugs, a Hong Kong-based weekly magazine reported Wednesday.  The plea for food aid was made by North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung to the chief minister of India's West Bengal state, Jyoti Basu, the Far Eastern Economic Review said in its latest edition. 
Laos has secured 28 million dollars in international aid to fight the opium trade and reduce the flow of drugs from highland areas, a report said Wednesday.  Vice Foreign Minister Soubanh Saritthirath, who also heads a anti-drug committee, said the money would be spent encouraging highland residents to settle in the plains where they could grow rice rather than opium poppies, the official KPL news agency said. 
Doubts over the Argentine Grand Prix have apparently been cleared up by constructors' chief Bernie Ecclestone.  Marcos Gastaldi, chairman of the firm which operates the track, said the FOCA president had confirmed the race would go ahead on Oct 16. 
North Korea has decided not to take part in the Asian Games in Hiroshima this October, the organising committee said Wednesday.  North Korea, absent from major international sporting events for a year, failed to make the May 5 entry deadline for team events at the regional Olympics. 
Cambodian co-premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen said Wednesday they had agreed to hold peace talks in Pyongyang with the Khmer Rouge without preconditions, in response to an appeal by King Norodom Sihanouk.  The co-premiers had sent an official letter to the king "saying that we are ready to go to Pyongyang without ceasefire, without preconditions," Prince Ranariddh told journalists at Phnom Penh airport. "Let talks begin," he added. 
India's world record breaking allrounder Kapil Dev said Wednesday he did not know how to tamper with the ball and was unaware other bowlers did so.  Kapil Dev, taker of a record 434 wickets in tests and 252 in one-day cricket, said he was ignorant of former Pakistani captain Imran Khan's claim that ball-tampering was a common practice. 
Share prices were sharply higher in London and Paris in moderate early trading on Wednesday, underpinned by an overnight rally on Wall Street after the US Federal Reserve raised interest rates, dealers said.  The US central bank raised the overnight interbank rate half a percentage point from 3.75 percent to 4.25 percent and its discount rate from 3.0 to 3.5 percent. 
France is thinking of helping to equip African peacekeepers among the 5,000 extra troops the United Nations is to send to Rwanda, the foreign ministry said.  "We are ready to examine contributing to supplying African contingents called on to participate" in a Rwandan force, the ministry said in a statement. 
Southern rebels again failed to turn up for talks with Sudan's fundamentalist Islamic government Wednesday, delaying the east African country's slow and painful peace process.  Government negotiators and delegates from one of the two rival factions of the mainly Christian Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) have been waiting in Nairobi since Monday for the Kenyan-chaired meeting to open. 
Israel's public anger at PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's call for a holy war to liberate Jerusalem is for domestic consumption and will not damage the launch of self-rule, ministers said Tuesday.  "Nothing from Arafat will surprise those who have had contact with him," admitted one minister who asked not to be named. "It's all part of the infamous Arab rhetoric. 
Half a million people have died in Rwanda's ethnic slaughter, German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel said Wednesday.  "It may not be known, but you can write this down, that according to information we Europeans have 500,000 people have been slain, 500,000 people," he told a press conference. Aid organisations previously put the figure at around 200,000. 
One person was shot dead and two others wounded Wednesday when a lone gunman burst into a taxi company office in Armagh, southwest of Belfast, and opened fire, police said.  The victims were not immediately identified. 
More than 50 armed riot police were deployed around the Saudi embassy in Tehran on Wednesday amid a row between the two countries over a ban on an anti-US rally in Mecca, an AFP correspondent reported.  A police officer at the scene told AFP that the move was taken at the request of Saudi authorities to protect the embassy amid mounting tension between the two countries. 
Russian writer Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, the celebrated dissident expelled by the old Soviet regime, will return home by the end of this month after 20 years in exile, his wife said in an interview published Wednesday.  "We have always known that we would come back one day or another. The fate of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn must end on Russian soil," his wife Natalya Svetlova told the Russian paper Izvestia. 
South African diamond giant De Beers and the Russian government have held talks on modifying their agreement on the sale of Russia's diamonds, a joint statement said on Wednesday.  The talks were held in Moscow on Tuesday, the statement said, and were aimed at "considering modifications to the existing marketing agreement ... in response to the political and socio-economic changes that have taken place in Russia." 
The Bundesbank shaved its base repurchase rate by 12 basis points to 5.23 percent on Wednesday, the bank said.  The bank made available a total of 77.8 billion marks (45.7 billion dollars) for 14 days in replacement of an expiring facility of 77 billion marks, injecting a net sum of 0.8 billion marks. 
Graffiti by American, British and German soldiers during World War II are displayed at an exhibition in a Normandy town to coincide with 50th anniversary ceremonies next month marking the allied D-Day landings.  The exhibition, organised by the Normandy association "friends of graffiti" contains pictures of the drawings carved in stone or chalked on the walls of local houses or churches. 
The Honda Motor Co. Ltd. plans to finalise the sale of its 20 percent stake in Britain's Rover Group plc to German carmaker Bayerishe Motoren Werke AG (BMW) as early as Thursday, news reports here said on Wednesday.  The Asahi Shimbun and Jiji Press said that Honda had reached an agreement to sell all of its Rover shares to BMW, which purchased 80 percent of the British carmaker for 1.2 billion dollars in February. 
Hundreds of previously unknown prisoners, arrested after the 1989 crackdown on China's pro-democracy movement, are serving lengthy jail terms, a human rights report said Thursday.  The publication of the report by US-based Human Rights Watch/Asia, which also provides harrowing accounts of widespread torture in Chinese prisons, comes weeks before Washington must decide whether China has made the necessary progress on human rights to warrant renewal of its preferential trade status. 
One Catholic was shot dead and two others wounded Wednesday when a lone gunman burst into a taxi company office in a Catholic neighborhood of Armagh, southwest of Belfast, and opened fire, police said.  The victims were not immediately identified and there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack.. 
The Swedish unemployment rate fell to 7.4 percent in April from 7.8 percent in March, a decrease of 17,000 people, the Swedish Central Bureau of Statistics (SCB) announced on Monday.  The number of people unemployed in April was 310,000 from 327,000 in March, SCB said. 
North Korea has decided not to take part in team competitions in the Asian Games in Hiroshima this October, the organising committee said Wednesday.  North Korea, absent from major international sporting events for a year, has yet to decide whether to compete in individual events. 
Leaders of the western anti-abortion movement joined Russian religious officials and activists Wednesday at the first conference of a new pro-life coalition that has vowed to bring down the country's staggering abortion rate.  About 400 people attended the opening of the three-day conference during which Russian anti-abortion activists were to draw from the experience of their western counterparts to map out a strategy to promote their views and recruit new members. 
This southern bastion echoed to the thunder of artillery on Wednesday as fighting between rival Yemeni forces moved markedly closer, triggering fear and a fresh exodus of foreigners, an AFP correspondent reported.  It was the first time the sound of battle could be heard so clearly in the port city of Aden, stronghold of Vice-President Ali Salem Baid, whose forces are fighting off President Ali Abdallah Saleh' northern army units. 
A small group of conservative and centrist senators held the future of Italian Prime Minsiter Silvio Berlusconi's government in the balance Wednesday as he faced a confidence vote in the Senate.  The senators are opposed to the presence of five neofascists in Berlusconi's government, which is eight votes short of an absolute majority of the 324 senators, and could vote against him on the the confidence motion due late Wednesday. 
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said he would question PLO leader Yasser Arafat over his alleged call for a holy war to liberate Jersualem, which the Israeli prime minister warned could affect the peace process.  Peres and the Palestine Liberation Organization leader were both due to arrive here to take part in ceremonies Wednesday in honor of Norway's part in helping reach a Mideast peace settlement. Oslo hosted secret meetings in 1993 that started off contacts between the two parties after 45 years of war. 
Half a million people have died in Rwanda's ethnic slaughter, German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel said Wednesday.  "It may not be known, but you can write this down, that according to information we Europeans have 500,000 people have been slain, 500,000 people," he told a press conference. 
Japan's "Big Four" securities houses, benefitting from a recovery in commission revenue, announced their best earnings figures in three years Wednesday and forecast further improvements in the year ahead.  But the pre-tax earnings posted by Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd., Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. and Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. were still down sharply from the record earnings at the turn of the decade. 
Early results in Malawi's first multi-party elections put businessman Bakili Muluzi's United Democratic Front (UDF) ahead in the presidential race Wednesday, but showed all main candidates leading in their regional power bases.  Ageing President Hastings Kamuzu Banda, who has ruled Malawi with an iron fist since independence in 1964, was leading in the central region, the base of his Malawi Congress Party, where some 1.45 million people voted. 
The Siemens engineering group and a Chinese company have agreed to set up a joint venture to produce low-voltage switch gear in China, Siemens said on Wednesday.  A subsidiary of Siemens, ASI which specialises in switch gear, and the Beijing Machine Tool Switchgear Works, would invest 40 million marks (24 million dollars) in the company which would employ 600 people within five years, the company said. 
The Israeli army withdrew from its last bastion on Wednesday amid a barrage of teargas and rocks, leaving Palestinians to tear down the hated symbols of 27 years of occupation.  As dawn broke on the newly-autonomous territory, cranes moved in to lift away the cement block chicanes which disfigured so many streets. 
General Motors (GM) laid a complaint of disloyal management against its former vice president for Europe Hans Hueskes in Zurich in December, GM said on Wednesday.  GM had laid the complaint "following an internal enquiry involving telephone tapping, in conformity with Swiss law, and after consultation with Swiss lawyers", the company said. 
Israel has quit Gaza City's central prison but Palestinian tears and their dread of torture still haunt its empty rooms.  Shaken with emotion, Farid Najm, 34, kicked the iron door of the cell where he had spent three years. 
The Swiss-Swedish industrial group Asea Brown Boveri (ABB) increased pre-tax consolidated profits by 32 percent to 246 million dollars in the first quarter from 187 million dollars in the same period of last year, the company said on Wednesday.  But sales fell by 1.4 percent to 6.116 billion dollars from 6.205 billion dollars in the first quarter of last year. 
Iran has strongly protested the siege of its pilgrimage quarter in Mecca by Saudi security forces, saying it had disrupted the pilgrimage procedure, the official Iranian news agency IRNA said.  The Iranian embassy in Riyadh sent a "strongly-worded" letter to the Saudi foreign ministry to protest against the seige, it said. 
Iran has strongly protested the siege of its pilgrimage quarter in Mecca by Saudi security forces, saying it had disrupted the pilgrimage procedure, the official Iranian news agency IRNA said.  Iranian embassy in Riyadh sent a "strongly-worded" letter to the Saudi foreign ministry to protest against the seige, it said. 
NATO warplanes kept watch over the besieged Bosnian enclave of Tuzla on Wednesday as the UN Protection Force scheduled three fresh flights to ferry in radar equipment a day after Bosnian Serb artillery hit the airport when a first UNPROFOR plane landed.  Leopard tanks manned by Scandinavian troops were also on alert in the Moslem city in north-east Bosnia where there have been no flights for a month. 
A central Pacific Island left a bleak moonscape by strip mining has unveiled ambitious plans to turn itself back into the Garden of Eden.  Four fifths of the 21 square kilometres (8.4 square miles) of Nauru have been stripped by a century of phosphate mining, leaving what Nauruan special presidential adviser Kinza Clodumar calls "a desert of jagged coral pinnacles, uninhabitable, unusable, a ghostly array of tombstones." 
Bangkok's harried commuters are more white-knuckled than usual this week, bracing against the annual migration of more than one million students age six to 15 returning to school.  The capital's expressways and many of its streets were at a standstill at daybreak starting Monday, as buses and cars crowded with backpack- toting youngsters dressed in school uniforms headed for class. 
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) on Wednesday ruled invalid a European Commission refusal to investigate an alleged cartel resulting from quota limits on Japanese car exports to Britain.  The European consumer organisation BEUC hailed the decision as a "major victory" which could result in a fine on the British motor industry for operating a cartel against the public interest. 
The United Nations food agency warned on Wednesday that a major humanitarian disaster was looming in southern Sudan as the international community diverted relief aid to blood-soaked Rwanda.  The World Food Programme (WFP) said some two million people out of a population of about 4.5 million in war- and famine-battered southern Sudan depend on food aid. 
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said he would question PLO leader Yasser Arafat Wednesday over his alleged call for a holy war to free Jersualem, amid Israeli warnings the comment could affect the peace process.  The Palestine Liberation Organization leader flew into Oslo at midday -- where Peres was expected later -- but refused to answer reporters' questions, Norwegian radio said. 
The last Israeli troops pulled out of Gaza on Wednesday, torn between sheer relief that the nightmare was over and the humiliation of a retreat before rejoicing Palestinians.  "It's the great escape, a debacle," moaned Captain Eli Kaham, who commanded a reserve army unit in Gaza City. 
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) on Wednesday ruled invalid a European Commission refusal to investigate an alleged cartel resulting from quota limits on Japanese car exports to Britain.  The European consumer organisation BEUC hailed the decision as a "major victory" which could result in a fine for the British motor industry for operating a cartel against the public interest. 
Iran on Wednesday strongly protested to Saudi Arabia over the "siege" of its pilgrim camp in Mecca and said several of its officials were trapped inside.  Special Saudi riot police were deployed around the camp late Sunday after Iran announced it was determined to hold an anti-US and anti- Israel rally in front of the compound on Tuesday. 
Canada's annual inflation rate remained at 0.2 percent in April, the third consecutive month at its 33-year low, the government reported Wednesday.  Statistics Canada said that -- like the previous two months -- the low inflation rate was due primarily to lower tax on tobacco imposed by the federal government and some provinces. 
The estimated cost of President Nelson Mandela's ambitious plan to wipe out apartheid's backlogs has more than doubled, South Africa's new governing party, the African National Congress (ANC), said Wednesday.  Jay Naidoo, minister without portfolio and author of the Reconstruction and Development Programme (RDP), told The Star newspaper that the plan will cost 80-90 billion rand (21-24 billion dollars) over five years. 
Yemen's two-week-old civil war has begun to paralyze the country, hitting its oil industry and threatening the entire economy of one of the world's poorest nations.  Yemen relies heavily on foreign currency earned from exports of its total oil production of 320,000 barrels per day (bpd). But heavy fighting between rival north and south forces has badly hit the industry. 
Acclaimed Chinese director Zhang Yimou's absence from the Cannes Film Festival reflects efforts to avoid a showdown with Beijing during a major crackdown on the industry, sources said Wednesday.  Zhang released a statement Tuesday in Cannes saying he was boycotting the festival in protest at Chinese censors' failure to approve his film "Huozhe" (To Live). 
A strategic town west of Kabul has been overrun by forces loyal to Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani, the defence ministry said Wednesday.  But rival factions denied that Maidan Shahr, which is located 30 kilometers (19 miles) from the capital, had been captured Tuesday in a combined operation by the defence ministry and allied forces of the Ittihad-i-Islami faction 
PLO chief Yasser Arafat will travel to the new Palestinian self-rule areas of Gaza and Jericho in the first week of June, his political advisor Nabil Shaath told AFP here on Wednesday.  Shaath did not say which area Arafat would go to first. He said he would accompany "Mr Arafat, president of the Palestinian Authority in the autonomous territories." 
The Daimler-Benz engineering group expects to make an operating profit this year in contrast to a loss of 3.3 billion marks (1.98 billion dollars) in 1993, company president Edzard Reuter said on Wednesday.  Reuter proposed that the company make a one-for-10 share issue to raise 233 million dollars to support growth. 
Vietnam and the United States are only weeks away from a final agreement to open liaison offices in each other's capitals as a step towards establishing full diplomatic ties, a senior official said Wednesday.  Vice Foreign Minister Le Mai told a visiting delegation of US veterans that the two sides had reached agreement on most of the issues and were ready to exchange final documents concerning the opening of the offices. 
Government forces were still fighting Wednesday to regain ground along the road linking Cambodia's second city of Battambang to the Khmer Rouge's Pailin headquarters.  The government forces had secured control of Sdao on National Route 10 about 30 kilometers (18.7 miles) west of Battambang, a government official said. 
President Hafez al-Assad held four hours of talks Wednesday with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher amid reports Syria had shown a keen interest in an Israeli offer for a phased withdrawal from the disputed Golan Heights.  Christopher arrived from Israel and went straight into talks with Assad, for the second time since Sunday, in an attempt to bridge the gap between the two enemies. 
Ireland's rugby union side stormed to a 64-8 victory over Western Australia in the opening clash of their Australian tour here Wednesday night.  After the state side had stunned the visitors with an early penalty to take the lead at the WACA Ground, Ireland fought back to be 17-3 ahead at half time. They utterly dominated the second half. 
Four members of an international team have reached the top of the 8,463-metre (27,764-foot) Mount Makalu I in the Himalayas via the northwest ridge route, the Nepalese Tourism Ministry announced Wednesday.  Three Americans and a mountain guide from Kazakhstan reached the summit in two separate groups. 
Turkish warplanes attacked a Kurdish rebel camp at Zaleh in northern Iraq on Wednesday, in the second such cross-border raid this year, military headquarters here said.  It said 19 aircraft took part in the attack 110 kilometres (70 miles) from the border, but had no immediate word on the outcome. 
The Krupp steel group expects to emerge into profits this year from a loss of 589 million marks (355 million dollars) last year flowing from a collapse in the market for steel, the company said on Wednesday.  Group president Gerhard Cromme told the annual conference on the balance sheet that "group operations should begin to be in balance towards the middle of the year and should yield operating profits from the second half". 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher left for Egypt on Wednesday at the end of a peace shuttle between Syria and Israel aimed at forging an accord between the arch foes on the disputed Golan Heights.  Christopher has been mediating indirect negotiations between Syrian President Hafez al-Assad and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, whose country has offered a phased withdrawal from the Golan over several years. 
A soldier idly toying with an explosives device was responsible for a devastating weekend blast at an arms depot in the Russian Far East which destroyed 1,600 tonnes of weapons, Russian intelligence sources said Wednesday.  The sources, quoted by ITAR-TASS agency, said the soldier had just gone off guard duty at the Pacific Fleet airforce depot when he stumbled upon an electrical detonator stuffed with powder and began taking it apart with a knife. 
Top American fashion designer Ralph Lauren was fined two million francs (360,000 dollars) by a commercial court on Wednesday for copying a tuxedo dress by Yves Saint Laurent.  At the same time, Ralph Lauren was awarded 500,000 francs (87,720 dollars) in damages and interest for a defamation action which he brought against Pierre Berge, head of the YSL couture business, for remarks which appeared in an American newspaper. 
The Cannes film festival had the cameras turned on itself Wednesday in a French bid for the Golden Palm which brought some much-appreciated humour to the competition here.  "Grosse Fatigue" (Very Tired) by Michel Blanc includes appearances by Gilles Jacob, director of the world's biggest filmfest, as well as sundry other notables from the world of French celebrities. 
Vietnam is seeking early entry into the once staunchly anti-communist ASEAN and is prepared for full diplomatic ties with the United States, Vietnamese Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet said Wednesday.  "Peaceful conditions in the region provide favourable conditions for Vietnam," Kiet said, adding that Hanoi, until recently Southeast Asia's political outcast, was determined not to lose out in economic development. 
Karl Wendlinger, who crashed in practice at the Monaco Grand Prix last Thursday, was being brought out of his coma, his formula one team Sauber Mercedes said here Wednesday.  "The process that started yesterday of bringing Karl Wendlinger slowly out of his controlled deep sleep progresses as planned," a spokesman said. 
Recovery of the British economy is continuing steadily, official figures indicated on Wednesday and dealers said that they quashed any remaining expectations that interest rates might be cut.  Unemployment and public sector borrowing fell, retail sales rose, and although headline inflation was higher, underlying inflation, said to be the more reliable figure, slipped to the lowest annual rate ever. 
Former England captain Bryan Robson signed a three-year contract, believed to be worth a million pounds, on Wednesday as player-manager of English First Division side Middlesbrough  Robson, who had 13 years at Manchester United during which he won three FA Cups, the European Cup Winners Cup and most recently, two championships, was given a rousing welcome by fans when he arrived at his new club's Ayresome Park. 
Advancing northern Yemeni forces fought artillery duels with southern troops at this giant air base some 60 kilometres (36 miles) north of the key port city of Aden on Wednesday.  An AFP correspondent at the northern edge of the base saw artillery rounds crashing into a fortified hilltop bunker where northern Yemeni T-55 tanks were positioned. 
A firm run by a Jewish immigration agency recently produced Palestinian flags by mistake, the agency's treasurer Hanan Ben Yehuda told reporters Wednesday.  The Hameshakem firm in Nahariya, northern Israel, run by the governmental Jewish Agency, had been working on orders for car pennants from 28 countries. 
Opposition parties fighting Malawi's first free elections have swept nearly all parliamentary seats in their regional strongholds, unofficial results from radio reports and other sources indicated Wednesday.  State radio said the Alliance for Democracy (Aford) had won all 33 seats in the north. 
The dollar weakened in a calm market here early Wednesday as traders were disappointed by the greenback's inability to climb higher a day earlier after the Federal Reserve tightened US monetary policy.  Gold, meanwhile, fell to 379.50 dollars an ounce, down 1.90 dollar from late Tuesday. 
Eleven French aid workers detained for about a month by Bosnian Serbs on charges of arms trafficking were released and flown out of Sarajevo on Wednesday, French military sources said.  The group was driven from Lukavica where they had been held to Sarajevo airport where they were put on a helicopter to be flown to a French vessel in the Adriatic sea, the sources said. 
South African Foreign Minister Alfred Nzo denied Wednesday that the new democratic government was contemplating sending troops to strife- torn Rwanda to join a UN peacekeeping force.  A statement from Nzo's office said media reports stating that South Africa has drawn up plans to participate in the UN force were "without foundation." 
Britain's Prince Charles signed a contract here Wednesday for the first-ever publication of the complete notebooks of the Russian poet Alexander Pushkin and called on Russians to preserve their cultural heritage.  "In Britain and in Europe, but particularly in Britain, we managed to destroy a very large part of our heritage," the Prince said. "So please learn from our lessons and don't make the same mistake." 
North Korea seized on the 14th anniverary of the bloody popular uprising in the South Korean city of Kwangju Wednesday to demand the withdrawal of US troops from Korea and the ouster of the government in Seoul.  Some 10,000 people, including Vice President Pak Song-Chol, Vice Premier Jang Chol and other officials, and citizens and Koreans from abroad, rallied at the Pyongyang Indoor Stadium, the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) said. 
The United Nations is negotiating with an armed Somali gang to secure the release of a wounded Nepalese peacekeeper abducted during an ambush in which five Nepalese troops were killed, a UN spokesman said Wednesday.  The soldier was kidnapped from his bed in Mogadishu's squalid bomb- scarred Digfer hospital, which UN officials last year classified as a base for the militia of warlord Mohamed Farah Aidid, spokesman George Bennett said. 
Southern forces launched a heavy offensive on northern forces with battles still raging after 15 hours of fighting at Abyan, southeast of Aden, a southern military source said.  "There are violent battles now at Abyan between southern forces and the units from the (northern) Al-Amalika brigade, 15 hours since the start of the offensive," the southern army source said. 
Haiti's new foreign minister, appointed this week by the military regime in the Caribbean nation, has refused to give up his job as a newspaper reporter here.  But Charles David, who has used a union contract agreement with La Presse newspaper to take a six-month leave of absence, now has all his Canadian assets frozen. 
A firm run by the Jewish Agency recently produced Palestinian flags by mistake, the agency's treasurer Hanan Ben Yehuda told reporters Wednesday.  The Hameshakem firm in Nahariya, northern Israel, run by the governmental Jewish Agency for immigration, had been working on orders for car pennants from 28 countries. 
Pilots from three UN aircraft refused Wednesday to run the gauntlet of Serb gunners at Tuzla airport, shelled a day earlier by Serb forces, as NATO warplanes kept watch over the besieged Bosnian enclave.  The UN Protection Force had scheduled three flights to ferry in radar equipment into the Moslem city in northeastern Bosnia, but a UN spokesman said the pilots refused to take off from Zagreb after the Serbs shelled the airstrip Tuesday just as a UN plane landed. 
US stock and bond markets continued to rally early Wednesday, buoyed by investor enthusiasm sparked a day earlier by the Federal Reserve's increase in two key short-term interest rates.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 8.29 points at 3,728.90 several minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Denmark will support a bill that calls for the creation of a whale sanctuary in the Antarctic when the International Whaling Commission (IWC) meets next week in Mexico, Foreign Minister Niels Helveg Petersen said Wednesday.  Petersen told reporters following a meeting of parliament's environmental commission that "Denmark will support the French proposal aimed at creating a reserve to protect whales in the Antarctic." 
The United States wants a concrete, credible trade agreement with Japan, going beyond the failures of the past, US Treasury Under- Secretary Lawrence Summers said here Wednesday.  "We need a concrete, credible agreement going beyond the failure of the past," Summers said a day before US and Japanese negotiators meet in Washington to try to break a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade talks. 
Troubled England spinner Phil Tufnell has been given time off by his county, Middlesex, to sort out problems in his personal life.  The announcement follows a decision by Ray Illingworth, chairman of the England selectors, that the bowler cannot be considered for the Test matches against New Zealand until his domestic life is more settled. 
Eleven French aid workers detained for over a month by Bosnian Serbs on accusations of arms trafficking were released and flown out of Sarajevo.  In Paris, French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told parliament: "We have been told by Sarajevo that our 11 Premiere Urgence hostages were freed," referring to the relief association which employed the group. 
Troubled Tottenham Hotspur received a new blow on Wednesday when England winger Darren Anderton turned down a two year extension to his contract.  Anderton, 22, who scored his first goal for his country in the 5-0 win over Greece on Tuesday, is contracted to White Hart Lane until 1996. 
Syria and Israel are still wide apart over moves towards peace following US Secretary of State Warren Christopher's latest Middle East mission, Syrian presidential spokesman Gebran Kourieh said Wednesday.  "The results of Mr. Christopher's talks in Israel show that there are still wide differences because of the Israeli position on the principles of peace," he said. 
Tibet's exiled spiritual leader the Dalai Lama arrived here Wednesday for a four-day visit during which he is to meet with members of parliament and Russian orthodox Patriarch Aleksy II.  No meeting is expected, however, between government officials and the spiritual leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner, who is leading a campaign against China's occupation of Tibet. 
The United Nations is negotiating with an armed Somali gang to secure the release of a wounded Nepalese peacekeeper abducted during an ambush in which five Nepalese troops were killed, a UN spokesman said Wednesday.  The soldier was kidnapped from his bed in Mogadishu's shell-scarred, squalid Digfer hospital, attacked by the UN last year because it was allegedly a base for the militia of warlord Mohamed Farah Aidid, spokesman George Bennett said. 
Senior Thai officials confirmed Wednesday that US anti-narcotics authorities have linked several Thai politicians to the illicit drug trade.  They gave no names or numbers, but local dailies said 17 politicans, 10 of them currently in office, were on the list and three had been denied US visas. 
Top American fashion designer Ralph Lauren was fined two million francs (360,000 dollars) by a French commercial court on Wednesday for copying a tuxedo dress by France's legendary couturier Yves Saint- Laurent.  But while the US designer was ordered to pay two million francs in damages and interest for "counterfeiting and disloyal competition," out of the the five million francs being sought, he won an action for defamation against Pierre Berge, head of the YSL couture business. 
Syria and Israel are still far apart over moves towards peace after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher's latest Middle East mission, Syrian presidential spokesman Gebran Kurieh said Wednesday.  "The results of Mr. Christopher's talks in Israel show that there are still wide differences because of the Israeli position on the principles of peace," he said. 
Petr Korda, who overwhelmed Stefan Edberg on Monday, was on the receiving end against French Open champion Sergi Bruguera as the Czech Republic were beaten by Spain at the World Team Cup on Wednesday.  Bruguera won 6-0, 4-6, 6-1 as Korda offered only a limited challenge. Carlos Costa then clinched the tie for Spain with a 6-1, 6-4 victory over Karel Novacek. 
England were beaten 22-11 by Orange Free State Province in the first match of their South African tour here on Wednesday.  The tourists led 6-5 at half time. 
US Senator Edward Kennedy has written to Lebanon's justice minister voicing anxiety at the government's dissolution of the opposition Christian Lebanese Forces (LF) party, Lebanese papers said Wednesday.  In a letter addressed to Bahig Tabbara, Kennedy said he was disturbed by the government's decision to dissolve the Lebanese Forces and arrest many of its members and chiefs without waiting for the results of an investigation. 
The British economy is continuing to recover, official figures showed on Wednesday, with unemployment and public sector borrowing down, and key underlying inflation at its lowest point ever.  But economists expressed mild concern about average personal earnings figures, which rose by a higher-than-expected four percent in the year to March, compared with revised rises of 3.75 to January and February. 
Eleven French aid workers detained for over a month by Bosnian Serbs accused of arms trafficking were freed and flown out of Sarajevo Wednesday after payment of 44,000 dollars.  In Paris, a spokeswoman for the charity group Premiere Urgence (Emergency Aid), which sent them into Bosnia-Hercegovina, said the organisation paid 4,000 dollars a head for their release. 
A first-time US filmmaker brought the glitz of Cannes down to earth Wednesday, presenting his debut at the world's biggest filmfest among the food shelves at a local supermarket.  "Clerks" by 23-year-old Kevin Smith is being premiered in the Director's Fortnight, and is also in competition for the Golden Camera competion for first-timers here. 
Pope John Paul II celebrated his 74th birthday in hospital Wednesday at the Gemelli clinic, where he has spent three weeks recovering from surgery for a broken thighbone.  The pontiff celebrated with a cake and a bottle of Cannellino slightly sparkling white wine in the company of aides. 
British Gas said on Wednesday it would sell its 53 percent stake in the international company Bow Valley Energy (BVE) for about 720 million Canadian dollars (524 US dollars) to the Canadian company Talisman Energy.  BVE, which has its headquarters in Calgary, is a natural-resource company involved in the exploration and production of oil and natural gas, primarily in Britain, Indonesia, Canada and the Netherlands. 
Ireland captain Michael Bradley was not completely happy with a nine- try 64-8 win over Western Australia in the opening clash of their rugby tour here Wednesday night.  "We went into this pipe-opener with certain objectives, and some were accomplished and some were not," he said. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher arrived here Wednesday for talks with President Hosni Mubarak.  He arrived from Damascus where he met President Hafez al-Assad on his latest mission to break the deadlock between Israel and Syria. 
Profit taking nearly obliterated an opening blue-chip stock surge here Wednesday, but the decline remained contained in very active trading.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was down 7.67 points at 3,712.94 at 11:00 a.m. (1500 GMT). Volume was heavy, with roughly 106 million shares exchanged. 
Orange Free State: Andre Pawson; Dolf van Rensburg, Edrich Lubba, Brendan Venter, Chris Badenhorst; Franco Smith, Henti Martins; Ollie le Roux, Naka Drotske (capt.) (Charl Marais 8), Dougie Heymans; Andre Venter (Jaco Coetzee 1), Ryno Opperman, Braam Els, Andre Cloete, John van Solms  England: Paul Hull; Adedayo Adebayo, Mike Catt, Stuart Potter, Damian Hoply; Stuart Barnes, Stephen Bates; Graham Rowntree, Graham Dawe, John Mallett; Lawrence Dallaggio, Martin Bayfield, Matt Poole, Steve Ojomoh, Dean Ryan (capt.) 
Students at the University of Lagos began their first  semester examinations Wednesday amid tight security on and outside the campus.  More than 300 police, armed with guns and teargas, were stationed at the two main entrances to the university, while two police vans patrolled the campus. 
More than 100,000 people went on strike here Wednesday to protest the government's social policies and a reduction in their salaries due to devaluation of the national currency, the lev, union organisers said.  The general strike, which began Tuesday, involved trade, light industry and chemical industry workers as well as transport employees. 
A first-time US filmmaker brought the glitz of Cannes down to earth Wednesday, presenting his debut at the world's biggest filmfest among the food shelves at a local supermarket.  "Clerks" by 23-year-old Kevin Smith is in the running for the Golden Camera competion for first-timers here. 
The Palestinian police want to regulate the possession of arms in the Gaza Strip, police chief General Nasr Yussef said Wednesday.  "We want to regulate the possession of firearms, register them and have the identities of gun-owners," Yussef told a press conference. "We hope these arms will be used to support us." 
Derivatives, largely unregulated financial instruments that have grown into a 12-trillion-dollar market, threaten the global financial system, according to a congressional study reported in The Washington Post Wednesday.  The two-year study by the General Accounting Office (GAO) was scheduled for release Wednesday and will serve as a basis for discussion in various congressional panels. 
Rebels tightened the noose around Rwanda's rump government as the United Nations struggled to persuade member states to send troops to end a bloodbath that has killed half a million people, UN sources said Wednesday.  Guerrillas of the rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF) have cut the road between the capital Kigali and Gitarama, 40 kilometres (25 miles) to the southwest, where the government fled as carnage engulfed the central African country last month, UN military sources said. 
Syria and Israel are still far apart in moves towards peace after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher's latest Middle East mission, Syrian presidential spokesman Gebran Kurieh said Wednesday.  Christopher had briefed Syrian President Hafez al-Assad on his talks with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres during a four-hour meeting. 
Ukrainian socialist Alexander Moroz was elected speaker of the Ukrainian parliament on Wednesday.  Moroz was backed by parties favouring closer ties with Russia including moderate reformers close to former premier Leonid Kuchma, communists and centrists from the Agrarian party. 
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation is groping for ways of meeting Russia's demands for privileged treatment with the western alliance, diplomats said after a meeting of NATO ambassadors here Wednesday.  They said the envoys acknowledged that Russia's size and muscle merited involvement in European security beyond a "partnership for peace" programme of military cooperation between NATO and countries of the former Soviet empire. 
Eleven French aid workers detained for over a month by Bosnian Serbs for alleged arms trafficking were freed and flown out of Sarajevo on Wednesday after payment of 44,000 dollars.  In Paris, a spokeswoman for the charity group Premiere Urgence (Emergency Aid), which sent them into Bosnia-Hercegovina, denied that the 4,000 dollars a head paid by the organisation for their release was a ransom. 
Palestinian policeman have desecrated the Jewish synagogue in the newly-autonomous enclave of Jericho, the settlers' spokesman charged Wednesday, prompting swift Palestinian denials.  However Israeli President Ezer Weizman took up the complaint. 
More than 100 more people landed in hospital Wednesday with respiratory and heart trouble caused by a thick cloud of pollution that has hovered over the Greek capital for three days running, authorities said.  The government repeated urgent appeals for residents to leave their cars home as levels of ozone and other toxic gasses remained well above danger limits. 
President Joaquin Balaguer edged closer to victory in presidential elections here Wednesday, but the leading opposition candidate vowed to contest results he said were fraudulent.  "There has been no fraud. The elections have been clean and pure," Balaguer said in statements published Wednesday by the local press. 
Asian-Americans have long been viewed as an affluent minority, but many live in poverty and face obstacles that may eventually drive them from the country, said a study released Wednesday.  "Unwarranted and simplistic conclusions are drawn from a few census indicators to label Asian Pacific Americans, in monolithic terms, as a successful or model minority group," said Don Nakanishi, director of the UCLA Asian-American Studies Center which contributed to the report. 
The main opposition parties in Malawi's first free elections swept parliamentary races in their regional strongholds and businessman Bakili Muluzi looked set to end the reign of President-for-life Hastings Kamuzu Banda, preliminary results indicated Wednesday.  Election officials said that vote counting after Tuesday's election had been suspended in some remote regions until Thursday because of transportation problems due to heavy rains and fuel shortages. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi Wednesday dismissed calls to dump neo-fascists from his cabinet as he headed for a confidence vote in the Senate.  "I cannot accept a different government," he said during Senate debate. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao told a joint session of Congress Wednesday that he supported a global approach to controlling nuclear weapons proliferation and disarmament.  "The difficult and complex question of nuclear weapons proliferation can be effectively addressed only when we consider their global reach, requiring similar global solutions," Rao told legislators. 
Britain on Wednesday promised to help Zimbabwe fight AIDS through a nine million pound (13.5 million dollar) health care project, the Overseas Development Administration (ODA) announced.  The announcement was made after Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe, here on a three-day state visit, met with Prime Minister John Major. 
The African National Congress (ANC) Wednesday unveiled a wide-ranging health plan to wipe out the inequalities of apartheid and bring free medical care to children, the elderly and the pregnant.  The plan was handed to Minister of Health Nkosazana Zuma Wednesday, who will decide whether or not to adopt it as South Africa's national health policy, ANC secretary for health Ralph Mgijima said at a press briefing. 
Civilian pilots from three UN aircraft refused Wednesday to run the gauntlet of Bosnian Serb gunners at Tuzla airport, shelled a day earlier by Serb forces.  Their refusal came as 11 French aid workers detained by Bosnian Serbs on accusations of arms trafficking were released in return for payment of 44,000 dollars and flown out of Sarajevo. 
President Bill Clinton has asked Britain to allow the US Coast Guard to use British Caribbean territories to process asylum claims by thousands of Haitians, a newspaper report said Wednesday.  The White House would only confirm that Clinton and Prime Minister John Major had talked about Haiti on the telephone, without saying what they discussed. 
General Motors (GM) laid a complaint of disloyal management against its former vice president for Europe Hans Hueskes in Zurich in December, the GM subsidiary Opel said on Wednesday.  Opel spokesman Bruno Seifert said that the case had nothing to do with allegations by GM that its former purchasing director Jose Ignacio Lopez de Arriortua had committed industrial espionage when he moved to take the number two management job at Volskwagen (VW) in March 1993. 
President Joaquin Balaguer, blind and aged, stood on the brink of winning the presidency of the Dominican Republic for the seventh time in a career that has run the gamut from dictatorship to democracy.  What may be Balaguer's last hurrah at age 87 was marred by charges of fraud by his main challenger, Jose Francisco Pena Gomez, who said as many as 200,000 of his supporters were stricken from voting lists. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat said here Wednesday that his recent call for a Moslem holy war should not be construed as hostile to Israel but rather an appeal to strive for complete Middle East peace.  Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres, who had said he would query Arafat on the remark, walked into an Arafat press conference as the PLO leader was giving his explanation. The two men shook hands and Peres took a seat at Arafat's side. 
A determined Orange Free State province defeated England 22-11 in the tourists' first match in South Africa at Springbok Park here Wednesday.  Free State's performance underlined South African rugby's strength behind the pack, with scrum half Hentie Maartens the perfect link as he brought his backline into play and set up the victory. 
The Newman-Haas Indy-Car team denied reports that British driver Nigell Mansell was contemplating a return to Formula One in the wake of Brazilian Ayrton Senna's death.  "He is under contract with Newman-Haas racing for a multi-year basis that includes at least 1995," Newman-Haas spokesman Michael Knight said Wednesday. 
Share prices here lost some of their shine in afternoon trading Wednesday, in line with the futures market, and shed all of the gains made on the strength of a rise on Wall Street.  The Footsie index of 100 leading shares fell by seven points or by 0.2 percent to close at 3,116.5 points. It had shown an early gain of 32 points in response to an increase in US interest rates. 
English football's double winners, Manchester United, will hear an unwelcome echo of their season's darkest moment on Friday.  The Michael Bell-trained two-year-old, Cim Bom Bom, which makes its debut at Hamilton, takes its name from the victory chant of Turkish club Galatasaray, who knocked United out of the European Cup. 
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi dimissed calls Wednesday to dump five neo-fascists from his cabinet as he headed for a tightrope vote of confidence in the Senate.  "I cannot accept a different government," Berlusconi said during Senate debate due to culminate later in the evening in a vote on Italy's 53rd post-war government. 
Ukrainian deputies Wednesday elected pro-Russian Alexander Moroz as the new parliamentary speaker.  Moroz, 50, was backed by former prime minister Leonid Kuchma's moderate reformers, the communists and the centrist Agrarian Party who are all in favor of closer ties with Russia. 
Three million people have been killed in natural disasters over the past 20 years, the chief of the UN department for humanitarian affairs said Wednesday.  The number of disaster victims is rising at a rate of six percent a year, said Peter Hansen, the UN official, in a report to a special world conference scheduled for May 23-27 in Yokohama, Japan on ways to reduce the risk of natural disasters. 
Heavy fighting was raging to the north and east of the southern stronghold of Aden Wednesday, as fear spread through the city's population.  Southern forces loyal to ousted vice-president Ali Salem al-Baid said they had launched a large scale counter-offensive against rival northern forces to recapture areas in Abyan, some 50 kilometres (31 miles) northeast of Aden. 
Two conscripts have been arrested on suspicion of causing a devastating blast at an arms depot in the Russian Far East which destroyed 1,600 tonnes of weapons, the Russian prosecutor's office said Wednesday.  The prosecution spokesman, quoted by the news agency Interfax, said that one of the two was suspected of having dismantled a missile and withdrawing a part, causing a short-circuit which set off a fire. 
A sixth youth has been charged in connection with an attack by skinheads on a group of Africans in this eastern German town, the state prosecutor said Wednesday.  Four of those charged are in custody, while the other two are still at large, the prosecutor added. He said investigations were under way regarding 30 other suspects. 
South Africa will attend a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement for the first time when new Foreign Minister Alfred Nzo attends a ministerial conference here on May 31, the Egyptian foreign ministry said Wednesday.  South Africa has been invited to the four-day foreign ministers conference and would be represented by Nzo, a ministry spokesman added. 
England will send a full team to August's Commonwealth games in Victoria, Canada after averting a financial crisis.  The English feared they would have to leave nearly a quarter of their 280-strong team behind because of a 90,000 pounds shortfall in funds. 
Foreign Minister Assef Ahmed Ali on Wednesday called on the United States to find alternatives to physical inspections for allaying its fears that Islamabad is building atomic weapons.  The call came on the eve of President Farooq Ahmed Leghari's private visit to the United States to attend his son's graduation, and he will talk with unidentified US officials, possibly about "non-intrusive" verification techniques, a foreign ministry spokesman said. 
Russia and Pakistan are discussing details of a comprehensive cooperation treaty likely to be signed when Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto visits Moscow, officials said Wednesday.  Foreign Minister Assef Ahmed Ali is to travel to Moscow in July to, among other things, finalize the dates for Bhutto's visit, they said. 
Turkey on Wednesday warned Iraqi Kurds against cooperating with Kurdish rebels after Turkish warplanes attacked a rebel base in north Iraq in the second such cross-border raid this year.  Foreign ministry spokesman Ferhat Ataman said Turkey would not remain neutral if either of the two Kurdish movements in Iraq started cooperating with Turkey's separatist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK). 
The stock and bond markets continued to bask in optimism Wednesday a day after the Federal Reserve tightened credit, but the dollar was unmoved.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was down 1.84 points at 3,718.77 at 12:45 p.m. (1645 GMT) after opening with an 8.29-point gain. Trading was heavy, with roughly 185 million shares exchanged. 
The dollar fell sharply in Europe on Wednesday despite a half-point increase in key US rates on Tuesday, and in Athens the central bank continued a fight to support the drachma.  The dollar closed here at 1.6580 marks from 1.6585 a short time before in New York and 1.6770 at the beginning of trading in Europe. 
A top Moslem militant leader vowed Wednesday to campaign for the independence of Kashmir, after arriving here to a hero's welcome following his release after some four years in Indian jails.  But Yasin Malik of the outlawed Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) collapsed after beginning his speech before thousands of cheering supporters in the city's Miasuma district. 
A visit by the leader of "Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition" to a foreign capital usually sparks little interest back home in Canada.  But the current visit by Lucien Bouchard to Paris has caused a furore from Canada's Atlantic to Pacific coasts. 
The US government has acknowledged that it may impose limited sanctions on Beijing to express displeasure over its human rights record, rather than carry out its threat to withdraw entirely China's privileged trade status.  "It's not all or nothing," a senior US official told reporters in Jerusalem during a Middle East trip by Secretary of State Warren Christopher. 
About 1,500 defence factories will go bankrupt in the next two months, putting 7.5 million people out of work, a leading industrial lobbyist said Wednesday.  Arkady Volsky, head of the Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs, also called for an "economic state of emergency" and said his lobby group would present next week a series of urgent measures to the government to curb the drastic fall in production. 
An outbreak of measles has claimed more than 200 lives in Bauchi city, northern Nigeria, in the past two months, the official news agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported here Wednesday.  It is difficult to know the exact spread and fatality rate of the disease in the city because most people who contracted the disease no longer went to hospital because of a drugs shortage, a medical officer in the city told NAN. 
UN nuclear inspectors who traveled to North Korea to determine if spent reactor fuel was diverted for bomb-making have begun their work, the International Atomic Energy Agency said Wednesday.  A spokesman for the UN agency said the three inspectors had got down to their week-long assignment but he refused to provide details. 
Former president Carlos Andres Perez and a former cabinet minister were arrested Wednesday on charges of misappropriating public funds, the chief justice of the Supreme Court said.  The arrests of Perez and former cabinet ministers Reinaldo Figueredo and Alejandro Izaguirre were ordered by the Supreme Court, said chief justice Roberto Yepes Boscan. 
Britain's Princess Anne met with US D-Day veterans Wednesday in honor of the upcoming 50th anniversary of the allied invasion of France.  The princess was joined by US Defense Secretary William Perry and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff John Shalikashvili at the British Embassy in Washington for the reception. 
About one third of Russia's 150 airports were hit by strike action Wednesday as 62,500 of the country's pilots, or 80 percent protested at plunging safety standards and poor retirement benefits, their union said.  The transport ministry's press office called the strike illegal and said the prosecutor's office had begun legal proceedings against the union. A ministry spokesman noted the government recently adopted a resolution depriving public transport companies of the right to strike. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher began talks here late Wednesday with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on relaunching the different tracks of the Arab-Israeli peace talks, an official source said.  Christopher was due to brief Mubarak after ending his four-day shuttle mission between Israel and Syria aimed at kickstarting the stalled peace talks. 
British and US officials will meet next week with representatives of the Turks and Caicos Islands on a US request to use the islands to process Haitian refugees, the Foreign Office said Wednesday.  A spokesman said US President Bill Clinton has asked British Prime Minister John Major, in a telephone conversation Monday, for permission for its Coast Guard to use the British islands in the Caribbean to screen Haitian asylum- seekers. 
A 1933 poster of the movie "King Kong" was auctioned off for 25,440 dollars here Wednesday, the auctioneers said.  Its opening price was 80,000 francs, around 14,000 dollars. 
Egyptian authorities have arrested at least 36 lawyers in 24 hours including the main defence lawyer for a Moslem militant group in a crackdown after a protest march was violently broken up by police, lawyers said Wednesday.  It is the highest number of lawyers ever arrested in one sweep and came after police used tear-gas to stop Tuesday's march protesting the death of a colleague in police detention. 
The dollar dropped against most major currencies in New York Wednesday as traders sold off hedge funds and cut their losses.  Gold, meanwhile, rose to 383.60 dollars an ounce, up 2.20 dollar from late Tuesday. 
The European Union assured African-Caribbean-Pacific (ACP) nations Wednesday that its cooperation with South Africa would not be to their detriment.  Speaking at the start of a three-day meeting here to revise conditions for aid and preferential trade between EU and ACP nations, EU Development Commissioner Manuel Marin said democratisation in South Africa would "open the way to the normalisation of relations" between Johannesburg and the EU. 
Men whose prostate glands are removed, a common cancer surgery, have a much greater than expected risk of losing control of urinary functions and the ability to have sex, a study said.  The incidence of those side effects was much greater in the study, conducted at Harvard University-affiliated hospitals, than in earlier studies conducted by surgeons. 
Palestinians shot and wounded a settler late Wednesday close to the Netzarim settlement in the first attack only hours after the Israeli army withdrew from the Gaza Strip, military sources said.  The settler was attacked while driving along a road being built around the settlement when Palestinians driving in the opposite direction opened fire. 
US actress Jane Fonda became a Commander of France's National Order of Arts and Letters on Wednesday, receiving the award in Paris from French Minister of Culture Jacques Toubon.  Fonda and her husband, Cable News Network head Ted Turner, later lunched at the ministry, before the couple were received by President Francois Mitterrand at the Elysee Palace. 
Eleven French aid workers detained for over a month by Bosnian Serbs for alleged arms trafficking were freed and flown out of Sarajevo Wednesday after payment of 44,000 dollars.  A spokeswoman for the charity group Premiere Urgence (Emergency Aid), which sent them into Bosnia-Hercegovina, said the 4,000 dollars a head paid by the organisation was "too small to be considered as a ransom." 
The US government denied Wednesday that it had already basically decided to renew China's privileged trading status and was now trying to prepare the public for the decision.  "It would be inaccurate to say that essentially the administration has decided the question and now it's just a matter of ... rolling out that decision," State Department spokesman Michael McCurry told reporters. 
Two goals by striker Daniele Massaro gave AC Milan a 2-0 lead over Barcelona at half-time in the European Cup final here on Wednesday.  The Italian champions, without their suspended central defenders Franco Baresi and Alessandro Costacurta, were rewarded for taking the game to Barcelona when Massaro put them ahead in the 22nd minute. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher called on PLO leader Yasser Arafat Wednesday to stick to pledges to end violence and asked him to explain his recent call for "holy war" to liberate Jerusalem.  Christopher said: "It is very important that chairman Arafat keeps his commitment to violence and terrorism. It is important for him to understand the importance of the remarks he made." 
Irishman Ray Close is on course for a world title and millionaire status, according to American promoter Don King.  Along with Frank Warren, King is promoting Ulsterman Close's challenge to World Boxing Organisation super-middleweight champion Chris Eubank on Saturday night. 
Italian Senators Wednesday started a key vote on whether to confirm in office the government of new Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.  The poll which began at 8:30 p.m. (1830 GMT) was expected to last about an hour. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi won a confidence vote Wednesday in the Senate, Senate speaker Carlo Scognamiglio announced. 
Russia is to start destroying its chemical weapons-producing factories, First Deputy Premier Oleg Soskovets said Wednesday, but a leading chemist said the move would make no difference to the country's modernised stockpiles.  Soskovets announced the decision on a visit to a chemicals factory in the Volga region of central Russia, ITAR-TASS said. He said he had agreed with the president of the Russian autonomous republic of Chuvash, Nikolai Fyodorov, to come up with a programme by September aimed at the gradual close of the plants. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi survived a confidence motion Wednesday in the Senate by a single vote, Senate speaker Carlo Scognamiglio announced.  Of 314 senators casting votes in the 326-seat chamber, 159 were in favor, 153 against and two abstained. An absolute majority was 158. 
The White House said Wednesday it asked the Justice Department's advice on the admissability of a suit filed against President Bill Clinton over a sexual harassment incident alleged to have occurred before he took office.  Paula Jones, a former Arkansas state employee, filed suit May 6 accusing Clinton of making an unwanted sexual overture during an encounter in a Little Rock, Arkansas hotel room on May 8,1991. 
Dozens of settlers blocked the road to the Netzarim settlement on Wednesday after Palestinians wounded one of them in the first attack since the Israeli army pulled out earlier in the day, military sources said.  The settler, shot in the leg, was the first person to be attacked as autonomy finally started on the ground in the Gaza Strip earlier Wednesday. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi won Senate approval by a single vote Wednesday for a rightist government that includes neo-fascists, effectively confirming him as leader of Italy's 53rd post-war government.  The vote sets the stage for Berlusconi to get down to work as premier because his coalition has an absolute majority in the Chamber of Deputies, so the scheduled confidence vote there is seen a formality. 
At least four people were injured and seven were arrested during a protest Wednesday by disgruntled former employees of the Independent Electoral Commission (IEC), which managed South Africa's first all- race election last month.  About 300 former election monitors gathered outside the downtown headquarters of the IEC, which is wrapping up work after the April 26-29 poll, and demanded bonuses of 7,000 rands (1,944 dollars) for each of the 18,000 monitors employed over the election, the reimbursement of the tax that had been deducted from their pay and a barbecue. 
With President Joaquin Balaguer within a hare's breath of victory Wednesday in presidential elections here, election officials stopped the vote count to consider fraud charges brought by the leading opposition candidate.  The Central Election Board said it was suspending its final report declaring a winner in Monday's presidential election until it has considered a suit by social democratic candidate Jose Francisco Pena Gomez contesting the results. 
AC Milan won the European Cup for the third time in six years when they beat Barcelona 4-0 here on Wednesday.  AC Milan, Italy 4 (Massaro 22, 45, Savicevic 47, Desailly 58) Barcelona, Spain 0 
A German court Wednesday jailed a former East German prosecutor for arbitrarily sending government opponents to prison, in the first such decision since unification.  A Berlin court had handed down a two-year suspended sentence for a former East German judge in January for what it said were too harsh sentences in similar trials. 
Right-wing Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi scraped through a Senate confidence motion by a single vote Wednesday, effectively giving him the green light to run Italy's 53rd post-war government.  The cliffhanger vote on his government, which includes five neo- fascists, sets the stage for Berlusconi to get down to work as premier because his coalition has a comfortable majority in the Chamber of Deputies, so the confidence vote there on Friday is seen a formality. 
Iranian authorities seized 15 tonnes of drugs from mid-March till early May, arresting 1,419 traffickers, police chief Reza Seifollah said Wednesday.  Seifollah said 2,000 drug addicts had also been arrested between March 20 and May 6 and put through rehabilitation programs. 
AC Milan won the European Champions Cup for the third time in six years with a stunning 4-0 triumph over Barcelona here on Wednesday.  The Spanish champions were ruthlessly exposed by a Milan performance that was brilliantly orchestrated by their Montenegrin forward Dejan Savicevic. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat said here Wednesday that his recent call for a Moslem holy war should not be construed as hostile to Israel but rather an appeal to strive for complete Middle East peace.  But Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said Arafat's explanation that his remarks had been misinterpreted was only the "minimum" that he expected to hear. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher called on PLO leader Yasser Arafat Wednesday to stick to pledges to end violence and asked him to explain his recent call for "holy war" to liberate Jerusalem.  Christopher said: "It is very important that chairman Arafat keeps his commitment to end violence and terrorism. It is important for him to understand the importance of the remarks he made." 
Welsh football's under-fire chief executive Alun Evans has been told to carry on.  Evans, 51, was reported to have resigned on Tuesday after being censured by the Football Association of Wales for making an unsanctioned loan of 53,000 pounds, since repaid, to another sporting organisation. The resignation was later denied by the FAW. 
Former French minister for humanitarian aid Bernard Kouchner proposed Wednesday the creation of a rapid deployment force under UN command to end the bloodshed in Rwanda.  Speaking on French television after returning from the war-ravaged country, Kouchner said: "Before the massacres people said there was no money, not enough manpower, no political will (to resolve the conflict)." 
Deposed president Carlos Andres Perez was jailed Wednesday after the Supreme Court ordered his detention while he awaits trial on charges of misappropriating millions of dollars in public funds.  The court ordered the arrests of Perez, former cabinet ministers Reinaldo Figueredo and Alejandro Izaguirre, said chief justice Roberto Yepes Boscan. 
A day after lawmakers extended Canada's territorial maritime authority, Fisheries Minister Brian Tobin said foreign fishing boats would be removed from the Grank Banks if they refuse to leave within 30 days.  Tobin said Canadian authorities would enforce the new 200-mile limit to protect the waters off Newfoundland, which have been threatened by decades of overfishing. 
The dollar dropped Wednesday against most major currencies in New York in quiet trading.  Gold, meanwhile, rose to 382 dollars an ounce, up 60 cents from Tuesday's closing price. 
British-based firm GKN has won a multi-million pound contract to supply armoured vehicles to Oman, a company spokeswoman said Wednesday.  The Sultanate of Oman has ordered 80 Piranha vehicles from the GKN plant, in Telford, northern England and has also agreed options on a further 46 vehicles and signed a 25-year support contract. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi scraped through a Senate confidence motion by a single vote Wednesday, effectively giving his right-wing cabinet the green light as Italy's 53rd post-war government.  The cliffhanger vote on his team, which includes five neo-fascists, set the stage for Berlusconi to get down to work because the coalition he led to victory at the polls six weeks ago has a comfortable majority in the Chamber of Deputies. 
Canadian authorities seized some 26.5 tonnes of hashish in a cargo ship in the port of Montreal, officials said Wednesday, calling it one of the largest drug seizures in North America.  Revenue Minister David Anderson said the drugs, estimated to be worth some 300 million dollars (220 million US), were hidden in a cargo ship that arrived from Durban, South Africa. 
Wall Street closed up Wednesday after recovering early losses thanks to an afternoon buying wave.  The Dow Jones blue-chip index closed at 3,732.89 climbing 12.28 points (0.33 percent). Trading was steady with 337 million shares changing hands. 
Northern Yemeni leaders said Wednesday they intended to blockade the port of Aden to force a surrender, as ousted vice-president Ali Salem al-Baid hinted the two-week-old civil war may tear the country apart.  A northern spokesman told AFP Aden was "almost surrounded" and the city was under a greater threat now that northern troops had seized the vital Al-Anad air base. 
Eleven French aid workers released in Bosnia Wednesday after more than a month in Serb detention arrived in Paris Wednesday evening.  The 11 members of the aid organization Premiere Urgence were met by relatives, Defence Minister Francois Leotard and Foreign Minister Alain Juppe as they arrived at a Parisian airport. 
Nuclear waste, including discarded reactors from Russian submarines, threatens the Arctic waters of Norway and Alaska warned Norwegian Prime Minister Harlem Gro Brundtland Wednesday.  "The situation is alarming and may affect a number of allied countries. Due to the sea currents flowing out of the Barents (Sea) region, Alaska might be just as badly affected as Norway," said Brundtland. 
Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao hailed before Congress Wednesday a "bold new era" in post-Cold War US-India relations but did not embrace a US plan for capping nuclear weapons production.  Rao said he supported a global approach to controlling nuclear weapons proliferation and disarmament but made no reference the US South Asia plan for India and Pakistan, both of whom are capable of quickly assembling nuclear bombs. 
Former Venezuelan president Carlos Andres Perez was jailed Wednesday to face trial for allegedly skimming millions of dollars from the public trough.  The Supreme Court ordered his detention after it finished compiling evidence to begin a formal trial of the 71-year-old Perez, his former interior minister Alejandro Izaguirre, and former aide Reinaldo Figueredo for embezzling and misuse of public funds worth 17.2 million dollars from an interior ministry slush fund. 
Former Venezuelan president Carlos Andres Perez was jailed Wednesday to face trial for allegedly skimming millions of dollars from the public trough.  The Supreme Court ordered his detention after it finished compiling evidence to begin a formal trial of the 71-year-old Perez, his former interior minister Alejandro Izaguirre, and former aide Reinaldo Figueredo for embezzling and misuse of public funds worth 17.2 million dollars from an interior ministry slush fund. 
The US government denied Wednesday that it had already basically decided to renew China's privileged trading status and was now trying to prepare the public for the decision.  "It would be inaccurate to say that essentially the administration has decided the question and now it's just a matter of ... rolling out that decision," State Department spokesman Michael McCurry told reporters. 
A Chinese national claims he recently secretly photographed Chinese prisons disguised as factories that export their products to America.  The export to the United States of products made by forced labor would violate one of the conditions laid down by President Bill Clinton must decide by June 3 whether to extend most favored nation trading benefits to China. 
US officials were cautiously optimistic that talks here Thursday could break a three-month deadlock in trade talks with Japan.  "It is clear there has been movement; how much movement remains the question," said a senior trade official Wednesday, briefing reporters on the eve of the talks. 
President Cesar Gaviria called Wednesday a referendum aimed at reversing the legalization of the consumption and possession of drugs for personal use.  The controversial legalization law took effect Tuesday following a May 5 ruling by the Constitutional Court. 
The government's approval of a genetically engineered tomato Wednesday has spurred calls for biotech food regulations to prevent of an invasion of altered products hitting unaware consumers.  Millions of Americans suffering food allegies could buy hundreds of products that were once safe for them, but could become dangerous with mixed genes, said environmental and consumer groups. 
Former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher is to accept an invitation to give evidence to MPs investigating aid to Malaysia's controversial Pergau dam project, the Financial Times reported Thursday.  Staff at Thatcher's office said she would announce her acceptance of the invitation from the foreign affairs committee later this week. 
European racers are having trouble finding competitive cars to qualify for the Indianapolis 500 just one year after seven of them started in the 33-car field.  Arie Luyendyk of the Netherlands took second last May and England's Nigel Mansell led before being caught off-guard on a restart and finishing third. 
Last month's four million dollar holdup at UN headquarters in Somalia was made possible by "gross negligence" by UN employees, some of whom are being disciplined, officials said Wednesday.  After an internal investigation, one person has resigned and several were suspended, officials said. The names and nationalities of the employees were not disclosed. 
University students hijacked 20 buses they claimed were not charging student fares, diverting them to their campus where scores of youths torched most of the vehicles and rioted, officials said.  Five people were injured in the melee at the University of San Luis Potosi 350 kilometers (215 miles) northwest of Mexico City, university spokeswoman Pilar Delgadillo said. 
Philip Morris, the largest American tobacco producer, will pay 250,000 dollars in state fines after violating a law against mailing free cigarettes, judicial sources said Wednesday.  The case stems from a complaint filed by the wife of a Long Island resident who received five packets of Marlboro cigarettes in the mail one year after he quit smoking. 
A giant comet will crash into Jupiter in July with a force greater than the largest nuclear bombs ever built, scientists said Wednesday.  The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said the comet dubbed Shoemaker-Levy 9 would collide with the largest planet in the solar system between July 16 and 22, creating an explosion equivalent to a 21 million megatonne bomb. 
Former Venezuelan president Carlos Andres Perez was jailed Wednesday to face trial for allegedly skimming millions of dollars from the public trough.  The Supreme Court ordered his detention after it finished compiling evidence to begin a formal trial of the 71-year-old Perez, his former interior minister Alejandro Izaguirre, and former foreign minister Reinaldo Figueredo for embezzling and misuse of public funds worth 17.2 million dollars from an interior ministry slush fund. 
The Supreme Court began proceedings May 20 against the three, who were accused of withdrawing money from the interior fund, converting it into dollars and then keeping difference when the Venezuelan bolivar was subsequently devalued.  Perez has insisted the funds were used for national security purposes that he cannot disclose and his lawyers say it is up to the court to prove that the money was misappropriated. 
Ballot counting was suspended Wednesday in a tight Dominican presidential race amid charges of widespread fraud, with the opposition warning of a popular uprising unless new elections were called.  With all but a small portion of ballots counted, President Joaquin Balaguer held a slim lead over his principal challenger in his bid for a seventh non-consecutive term as president of the Dominican Republic. 
US opposition to Singapore's hosting a conference on world trade is based on cost and not the caning of a US teen-ager, the ambassador- designate to Singapore said Wednesday.  Timothy Chorba, who attended a Senate hearing on his confirmation, said cost reasons were the principal factor in Washington's opposition to holding the founding meeting of the new World Trade Organization in Singaore. 
A congressional subcommittee blocked 100 million dollars in International Monetary Fund appropriations Wedenesday, a signal to the organzation to reform.  The House of Representatives foreign operations subcommittee dealing with foreign appropriations cut funding for the IMF Enhanced Structural Adjustment Facility (ESAF). 
Software giant Microsoft has developed a new program aimed at helping future interactive television users, company officials said.  The "Tiger" program was developed by the number one software company in collaboration with computer makers IBM and Compaq, and is said to be less expensive than other programs of its type. 
The US dollar opened lower at 103.60 yen in Tokyo on Thursday, down 0.58 yen from the previous day's finish here of 104.18 yen.  The rate compared with New York's late Wednesday quote of 103.45 yen. 
Gabriela Sabatini is hoping that in the next few weeks she will finally lay to rest a recurring nightmare -- and win the one major title everybody predicted was destined to be hers.  But it would take a brave punter to put money on the South American super-star succeeding at the French Open Tennis Championships which start at the newly-expanded Roland Garros Stadium here next week. 
Men: 1982 - Mats Wilander (Sweden) bt Guillermo Vilas (Argentina) 1-6, 7-6, 6-0, 6-4 in 4 hrs 42 mins  Women: 1989 - Arantxa Sanchez (Spain) bt Steffi Graf (Germany) 7-6, 3-6, 7-5 in 2 hrs 58 mins 
Three decades of rule by Malawi's self-proclaimed President-for-Life Kamuzu Banda were set to end Thursday, with the final results of watershed democratic elections expected to confirm victory for the opposition United Democratic Front (UDF).  With 70 percent of the vote counted, the UDF, led by former Banda aide Bakili Muluzi, was projected to win 42 percent of the vote, ahead of Banda's Malawi Congress Party (MCP) with 35 percent and trade unionist Chakufwa Chihana's Alliance for Democracy (AFORD), which looked likely to get 23 percent. 
1973 -- Ilie Nastase (Rom) won the men's singles title on the Tuesday of the third week  MOST GAMES IN A SINGLES FINAL (after introduction of tie-break in 1973) 
General Humberto Ortega, the left-wing leader who has headed the army for the last 15 years despite a change in government, will leave his post next February 21, President Violeta Chamorro said Wednesday.  Ortega's presence as head of the armed forces has been a source of controversy, provoking criticism from the United States and elsewhere that the brother of ex-president Daniel Ortega wielded considerable authority despite the 1990 elections lost by the left-wing Sandinistas. 
Ansett Airline's New Zealand subsidiary is forecasting a big improvement on last year's loss but acting chief executive John Sheridan would not say if the company was now making money.  Ansett New Zealand competes against Air New Zealand on the main domestic routes and is starting to enjoy good business as the New Zealand economy improves and travellers snap up special cut-price fares. 
Almost exactly a year after "The Piano" put Australia on top of the filmgoing world with a share in the Golden Palm, the country is again bidding to call the tune at the Cannes film festival.  And even without a film in the main competition, it must be said that the antipodean contingent at this year's filmfest is definitely managing to hit at least some of the right notes. 
Eleven freed French aid workers arrived at a military airbase near here late Wednesday, hours after their release from more than a month in Bosnian Serb detention.  The 11 members of the aid organization Premiere Urgence were met by relatives, Defence Minister Francois Leotard and Foreign Minister Alain Juppe. 
AC Milan supporters danced in the streets into the early hours after their team won the European Cup for a fifth time on Wednesday.  As soon as the final whistle drew the curtain down on Milan's superb 4-0 victory over Spanish champions Barcelona in Athens, hundreds of cheering supporters, who had watched the match on television, took to the streets and flocked to the city centre. 
Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO) chairman Yasser Arafat and Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres announced here early Thursday they had agreed on an agenda for the next round of talks about the occupied territories.  Peres emerged from one hour of talks with Arafat to tell a news conference: "An agenda was actually agreed upon, namely that we are going to negotiate the early empowerment some time in the future." 
Japan's Itochu Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax profits plunged 38.3 percent from a year earlier to 30.8 billion yen (299 million dollars) in the year to March.  Itochu, a major trading house, said its sales declined 12.9 percent to 16.1 trillion yen in the same period. 
Thirty teams from 11 Asian and Pacific countries will be contesting the Far East Bridge Federation championships here over the next fortnight, organising committee chairman Stephen Blackstock said Thursday.  The championships open with the pairs event played this Saturday and Sunday. This is a warm up and gives international players the opportunity to get used to the venue. 
Violent scenes and two pitch invasions marked Millwall's 3-1 defeat in an English Division One football play-off against Derby at the new Den Stadium here Wednesday night.  Match referee Brian Hill finally ended the match two minutes early with Derby completing a 5-1 aggregate win. 
Authorities in the United States and Britain broke up an international counterfeit ring after the arrest of a British national in West Virginia, officials said Wednesday.  Mike Young, special agent in charge of the Treasury Department's Secret Service in West Virginia, said four people were arrested in London and one in Miami, Florida, following the arrest of 43-year-old Timothy Olsen-Vetland in March. 
'Burn out' in tennis is likely to be one of the main topics of conversation in the corridors of the Roland Garros Stadium when the French Open Tennis Championships start on Monday.  WTA rules, which currently allow young players to play 12 tour tournaments after their fourteenth birthdays, may again come under scrutiny following the latest tennis scandal concerning Jennifer Capriati. 
Former Venezuelan president Carlos Andres Perez was jailed Wednesday to face trial for allegedly skimming millions of dollars from the public trough.  The Supreme Court ordered his detention after it finished compiling evidence to begin a formal trial of the 71-year-old Perez, his former interior minister Alejandro Izaguirre, and former foreign minister Reinaldo Figueredo for embezzling and misuse of public funds worth 17.2 million dollars from an interior ministry slush fund. 
Visiting British royal Prince Charles, himself a keen farmer, got some mud under his shoes Wednesday on a visit to a potato field 30 kilometres (18 miles) outside this northwestern city.  On the second day of his visit, a Russian Zil limousine dropped the prince off at the region's largest agricultural university, a recipient of British government aid which is being groomed to become a model of private enterprise selling its own produce. 
The number of housing loans granted in Australia fell in March by 3.0 percent to a seasonally adjusted 49,144 units from 50,642 the month before, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said Thursday.  By value, housing finance fell 0.8 percent to an adjusted 4.25 billion Australian dollars (three billion US) in March from 4.29 billion dollars in February. 
Westpac Banking Corp. announced Thursday it had emerged from the red to post net profits of 320.9 million Australian dollars (228 million US) for the six months to March 31.  The result compared to a net loss of 204.6 million dollars in the previous corresponding period. 
Top players, preparing for the 1994 French Open Championships, all agreed that they enjoyed playing clay-court tennis but admitted: "it's tough."  World number-one Pete Sampras of the United States, fresh from victory in the Italian Open and chasing a fourth consecutive Grand Slam title and a first win in the Roland Garros event, admitted: "Clay is certainly the toughest surface to play on. Sometimes you win but you come off court with the impression you haven't played very well and that it hasn't been nice tennis for the public to watch. You have to be willing to stay out there for as long as it takes." 
Paris mayor Jacques Chirac signed a three-year extension to the city's financial backing of French soccer champions Paris St Germain worth 98.1 million francs (17.5 million dollars) here Wednesday. 
Top players, preparing for the 1994 French Open Championships, all agreed that they enjoyed playing clay-court tennis but admitted: "it's tough."  World number-one Pete Sampras of the United States, fresh from victory in the Italian Open and chasing a fourth consecutive Grand Slam title and a first win in the Roland Garros event, admitted: "Clay is certainly the toughest surface to play on. Sometimes you win but you come off court with the impression you haven't played very well and that it hasn't been nice tennis for the public to watch. You have to be willing to stay out there for as long as it takes." 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was released from hospital here Wednesday after treatment for complications of her cancer.  The 64-year-old widow of slain US president John F. Kennedy and Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis checked in Monday "as a result of serious complications of her malignant lymphoma," New York Hospital- Cornell Medical Center said in a statement. 
Chile and Argentina shared an entertaining 3-3 draw in front of 62,000 spectators in their friendly World Cup football warm-up here Wednesday.  Jose Chamot put Argentina clear after just nine minutes but Rodrigo Barrera made it 1-1 after half-an-hour. 
Crimea for the first time officially commemorated Wednesday the deportation of Tartars, Germans, Greeks, Bulgarians and Armenians from Crimea by Soviet dictator Josef Stalin 50 years ago.  The Crimean government declared May 18 a day of national mourning, breaking from a long policy of sweeping the deportations under the carpet and making it difficult for Tartars to return. 
Under pressure from critics, the Japanese government has dropped plans for Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko to visit the USS Arizona National Memorial at Pearl Harbor during their planned US visit next month, the Yomiuri Shimbun reported Thursday.  Pearl Harbor on Oahu, Hawaii was the target of Japan's surprise attack on US forces on December 7, 1941. 
In 1967 the club were fined 1000 pounds after an attack on referee Norman Burtenshaw by spectators.  Aleven years later Millwall were fined 1500 pounds and had their ground closed for two weeks after crowd trouble at an FA Cup sixth- round tie against Ipswich. The club were also barred from staging home FA Cup ties for two seasons. 
Mark Taylor, 29, has been appointed Australian cricket captain to replace Allan Border, the Australian Cricket Board announced here Thursday.  "Obviously I am very excited and very proud. It is a day I will never forget," said Taylor. 
The 15-man Australian cricket squad to tour Sri Lanka and Pakistan in September-October announced here Thursday:  Mark Taylor (captain), Ian Healy (vice-captain), Joe Angel, Michael Bevan, David Boon, Damien Fleming, Justin Langer, Tim May, Craig McDermott, Glen McGrath, Gavin Robertson, Michael Slater, Shane Warne, Steve Waugh, Mark Waugh. Reserves: Matthew Hayden, Damien Martyn, Merv Hughes, Paul Reiffel. 
Europe faces a stark choice between pulling together or falling prey to xenophobia, European Commission President Jacques Delors warned in the run-up to European elections, the Independent said Thursday.  "The choice is simple: between the partisans of a European political system which undertakes to share sovereignty where there is a common interest, and a vast zone with no arms and no backbone. That is the choice we have to explain to our citizens," he said. 
Japanese trading house Sumitomo Corp. said Thursday its consolidated pre-tax earnings declined 6.5 percent from a year earlier to 42.2 billion yen (410 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Germany said Thursday it will provide a 30 million mark (50.15 million dollar) soft loan to the Philippines for a power project in the country's north, and a 20 million mark (33.43 million dollar) grant for various water projects.  A German embassy statement said the loan will finance the construction of a 230 kilovolt high voltage transmission line in Pangasinan province, where a two billion dollar power plant is being built by a subsidiary of Hong Kong's Hopewell Holdings. 
French premier Edouard Balladur arrived in the French Caribbean island of Guadeloupe late Wednesday and hailed the release of 11 French aid workers held prisoner by Bosnian Serbs.  "I am pleased things turned out as they did and they got released," he said, learning of the release on his arrival here. 
The Princess of Wales helped save the life of a drowning tramp in a dramatic rescue in London's Regent's Park, the Daily Mail said Thursday.  The incident happened late Sunday after Princess Diana had been jogging and was being driven home by her chauffeur, when a tourist leapt out and shouted: "Quick, there's a man in the water." 
Japanese trading house Sumitomo Corp. said Thursday its consolidated pre-tax earnings declined 6.5 percent from a year earlier to 42.2 billion yen (410 million dollars) in the year to March.  The nucleus of the Osaka-based Sumitomo group of companies said worldwide sales slipped 5.7 percent to 17,000 billion yen in the same period, depressed by lower revenue from all areas except metals. Revenue from domestic trading as well as imports and exports declined, offset by higher overseas revenue. 
Japanese trading house Mitsui and Co. Ltd. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings tumbled 21.5 percent from a year earlier to 46.5 billion yen (451 million dollars) in the year to March.  But the leading company within the Mitsui group said overall sales edged up 2.4 percent to 15,863 billion yen in the same period, supported by a surge in revenue from non-ferrous metals trading. 
British Foreign Office minister Lynda Chalker said Wednesday most of the outstanding issues between Hong Kong and China were "technical not political" and could be solved with "goodwill and commonsense".  Chalker, speaking in a Lords debate, denied any "irreversible damage" had been done to co-operation with China in the run-up to the 1997 handover of the colony, despite fierce criticism by two former governors that governor Chris Patten's democratic reforms were a serious mistake. 
A 52-year-old Japanese diplomat was found dead in a pool of blood at her residence in Belem, northern Brazil, the foreign ministry announced here Thursday  Consul Machiko Fukuzawa, 52, was found dead late Wednesday, the report said, adding that Brazilian police had begun an investigation. 
Peace talks between the Philippine government and Moslem insurgents will go on even if a continuing rift with Indonesia results in Jakarta cancelling its hosting of the talks, a government negotiator said here Thursday.  Manuel Yan, an adviser of President Fidel Ramos on peace negotiations, admitted that Jakarta, which is hosting the negotiations between Manila and the insurgent Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF), had not yet given word on when the next round of talks would take place. 
Japanese trading company Marubeni Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings climbed 10 percent from a year earlier to 41.1 billion yen (400 million dollars) in the year to March.  But the Osaka-based affiliate of Fuji Bank Ltd. said sales dropped 10.1 percent to 15,156 billion yen in the same period, depressed by reduced revenue from all areas except domestic trading. 
There is a huge potential in countertrade financing in Asia-Pacific as countries rush to trade with emerging Indochinese markets and China, according to Dutch bank MeesPierson.  "All countries are focussing on the emerging markets because that is where the profits are to be made," the bank's Singapore branch general manager Maarten van Alkemade told reporters in an interview Wednesday. 
China is stepping up survey work and strengthening supervision of fisheries near the disputed Spratly islands in the South China Sea, the China Daily Thursday quoted the agriculture ministry as saying.  Ministry official Zhuo Youzhan said Wednesday a 37-member Chinese team had returned to the southern port of Guangzhou on May 10 after completing the 21-day exploration in the region covering 3,398 kilometres (2,107 miles), the first such project since 1949. 
National Australia Bank announced on Thursday it had lifted net profits 71 percent to 868.8 million Australian dollars (625 million US dollars) for the six months to March 31.  The result compared to the previous corresponding period's result of 507.3 million dollars. 
Taiwan's first quarter economic growth stood at 5.5 percent, lower than the previously forecast 5.9 percent, on a narrowed trade surplus and a decline in domestic investment, economic officials said Thursday.  Citing preliminary statistics by the Direcorate General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics, the officials said the disappointing economic performance in the January-March period will force a downward adjustment of growth estimates for 1994 to below six percent from a forecast 6.2 percent. 
A subsidiary of US firm Vaalco Energy Inc. flowed oil in commercial quantities at an offshore drilling site in the western Philippines, but the local unit of another US company, Anderman-Smith, struck out at nearby Mindoro island, the energy department said Thursday.  Alcorn (Production) Philippines Inc. flowed the West Linapacan A-4 sidetrack well at the rate of 2,603 barrels per day (bpd) after failing on its first attempt with the A-5 well, the department said in its drilling bulletin. 
Japan's NKK Corp. is negotiating with the Vietnamee government to produce steel billets in the suburbs of Hanoi, a company spokesman said Thursday.  The Japanese steelmaker, along with trading company Mitsubishi Corp., plans to complete a feasibility study for the project by December in the hope of setting up a joint venture early next year, the spokesman said. 
China published Thursday an ambitious poverty elimination programme that aims to solve food shortages still plaguing 80 million rural Chinese by the year 2000.  The plan drafted by the State Council, detailed on the front page of all national dailies, pledges to concentrate China's manpower, materials and funds and to mobilise all sectors of society in realising its goal. 
Algerian President Liamine Zeroual has installed a 200-seat interim parliament, grouping politicians, bureaucrats, trade unionists and businessmen in a forum aimed at steering the country away from civil war and into democracy.  Zeroual was sworn in as president in January to see the country through the crisis which erupted in January 1992 when the government cancelled the second round of a general election the fundamentalist Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) was poised to win. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was released from hospital here Wednesday after treatment for complications of her cancer.  The 64-year-old widow of slain US president John F. Kennedy and Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis checked in Monday "as a result of serious complications of her malignant lymphoma," New York Hospital- Cornell Medical Center said in a statement. 
North Korea has begun removing spent fuel rods from a reactor at the Yongbyon nuclear complex in defiance of international warnings not to do so, The Washington Post said Thursday.  A three-member team from the Vienna-based International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) found unspecified evidence that fuel withdrawal was under way, the daily said quoting US and diplomatic sources. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on Thursday termed "evasive" an explanation by PLO leader Yasser Arafat that his call for a Moslem holy war should be understood in a religious context.  "These explanations are evasive and this incident about holy war was superfluous because it has made and will make it more difficult to continue with the peace process," Rabin said. 
A Thai woman was given a death sentence, commuted to life imprisonment, Thursday for planting an explosive device in a southern Thai railway station on April 23 that killed three people, local media reported.  Wanphen Thongthang, 27, had her death sentence commuted because she pleaded guilty to the charges of premeditated murder, the reports said. 
Some 300 people have died in recent weeks in floods and landslides in southern and eastern China, reports said Thursday, but warned that northern areas would be hard hit in this summer's rainy season.  "Downpours and rainy storms have been lashing the southern provinces," said Minister for Water Resources Niu Maosheng, while the northern provinces -- hit by a severe drought for several months -- were now in a "major rainy spell," the China Daily said. 
It would not be in the United States' interest to deny China its most favoured nation (MFN) status, Chinese Vice-Premier Li Lanqing said here Thursday.  Responding to questions at a business conference, Li said: "MFN is mutually beneficial and the basis for our bilateral trading relationship. The granting of MFN status and preservation of MFN treatment is of fundamental interest to our two countries." 
Japanese trading company Nissho Iwai Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings fell 9.6 percent from a year earlier to 14 billion yen (134 million dollars) in the year to March.  The Osaka-based affiliate of Sanwa Bank Ltd. and Dai-Ichi Kango Bank Ltd. said sales dropped 5.5 percent to 9,588 billion yen in the same period, depressed in all sectors except domestic transactions and export revenue. 
Japanese trading company Tomen Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings jumped 17.2 percent from a year earlier to 13.7 billion yen (133 million dollars) in the year to March despite lower sales.  The Osaka-based affiliate of Tokai Bank Ltd. said sales dropped 7.7 percent to 6,522 billion yen in the same period, depressed in all sectors. 
China is to open 13 blocks covering 40,000 kilometres (24,800 miles) in the South China Sea to exploration by foreign oil companies, Xinhua news agency reported.  The fields are situated in the Pearl River Delta near Hong Kong and in the Yinggehai and Qiong Dongdan basins to the southeast and south of Hainan island respectively, the agency quoted the China National Offshore Oil Corp. (CNOOC) as saying. 
Japanese trading giant Mitsubishi Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings tumbled 33.4 percent from a year earlier to 50.3 billion yen (488 million dollars) in the year to March.  The main company in the diversified Mitsubishi group said sales declined 5.8 percent to 14,123 billion yen in the same period, depresed by lower revenue from all areas except metals trading and domestic transactions. 
Japanese trading company Nissho Iwai Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings fell 9.6 percent from a year earlier to 14 billion yen (134 million dollars) in the year to March.  The Osaka-based affiliate of Sanwa Bank Ltd. and Dai-Ichi Kango Bank Ltd. said sales dropped 5.5 percent to 9,588 billion yen in the same period, depressed in all sectors except domestic transactions and export revenue. 
An explosion and fire on a Red Sea ferry carrying almost 600 passengers and crew killed at least three people and left 50 injured on Thursday, rescue services said.  An American warship and a merchant ship had managed to save some passengers, and there was an unknown number of missing, said the officials in the Egyptian port of Hurghada. 
Congress has approved the final draft of a bill granting a five-year tax break to the Philippines' ailing mining industry, Senate sources said Thursday.  Representatives of the Senate and the House of Representatives approved late Wednesday a compromise version reducing the five percent excise tax on net smelter returns to two percent for gold and one percent for copper in the first three years, they said. 
Japanese trading house Nichimen Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings tumbled 29.1 percent to 12.4 billion yen (120 million dollars) in the year to March as sales declined.  The affiliate of Sanwa Bank Ltd. said sales dropped 9.3 percent to 5,488 billion yen, depressed in all sectors except machinery. 
Japanese consumer electronics giant Sony Corp. said Thursday its consolidated pre-tax earnings rose 10 percent from a year earlier to 102 billion yen (990 million dollars) in the year to March.  But the company, which has been adversely affected by the strong yen, said worldwide sales slipped seven percent to 3.73 trillion yen in the same period. 
Indonesia threatened Thursday to scrap a meeting between Filipino Moslem rebels and Manila representatives in Jakarta if the Philippines failed to block a planned conference on East Timor.  "It will be definitely postponed if, between now and June, this disappointment (about the East Timor conference) is not addressed in a proper way," foreign ministry spokesman Irawan Abidin told AFP. 
Natural rubber producers and consumers are likely to end their protracted argument and wrap up a new global pact at the second round of talks in Geneva in October, a UN negotiator said here Thursday.  "We are condemned to succeed. Chances are good we will wrap up the negotiations in October," said Peter Lai, president of the UN Conference on Natural Rubber. 
President Hastings Kamuzu Banda of Malawi conceded defeat in elections in an address on state radio Thursday . 
Japanese trading company Kanematsu Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings plunged 65 percent from a year earlier to 3.3 billion yen (32 million dollars) in the year to March.  The affiliate of Bank of Tokyo Ltd. and Dai-Ichi Kango Bank Ltd. said revenue slipped three percent in the same period to 5.7 trillion yen. 
China-backed Guangdong Enterprises (Holdings) Ltd. and US-based construction firm Bechtel Group Inc. Thursday signed a 50-50 joint venture to finance and build a new 400 million dollar tollway in Shenzhen.  GD/BE Development Group Ltd. will hold 40 percent equity in the tollway, with the remaining 60 percent owned by the Shenzhen municipal and Guangdong provincial highway companies. 
Hongkong Telecommunications Ltd. reported Thursday an 18 percent rise in net profit from a year earlier to 7.6 billion Hong Kong dollars (969 million US) for the year ending March due to robust telecommunications traffic with China.  It said earnings per share also rose 18 percent to 67.8 cents over last year, and the directors recommended a final dividend of 27.6 cents, making a total dividend of 51.0 cents for the year, up 18 percent on the previous year. 
President Hastings Kamuzu Banda, who has ruled Malawi for the past three decades, conceded defeat in elections in an address on state radio Thursday .  Banda said the leader of the opposition United Democratic Front (UDF), Bakili Muluzi, was a clear winner of Tuesday's presidential poll. 
Japan's biggest construction company, Shimizu Corp., said Thursday its pre-tax earnings declined 10 percent from a year earlier to 120 billion yen (1.17 billion dollars) in the year to March.  The company said revenue dropped four percent to to 2.09 trillion yen and forecast a sharply lower profit of 50 billion yen for the current year with revenue sliding further to around 1.8 trillion yen. 
Japanese amusement game giant Sega Enterprises Ltd. said Thursday its consolidated pre-tax earnings plunged 62 percent from a year earlier to 21.7 billion yen (210 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company said worldwide sales were stagnant at less than 417 billion yen, up less than one percent from the previous year. 
The rand continued to trade at lows against the dollar here Thursday, opening at 3.6685/3.6700 to the greenback, marginally up from its previous close of 3.6690/3.6705.  Dealers said sentiment was still against the rand and foreign investors were awaiting clarity on economic policy from the new government. 
Peace talks between Sudan's Islamic fundamentalist military government and southern, mainly Christian rebels opened in the Kenyan capital Nairobi on Thursday after a three-day delay, officials said.  The Kenyan-mediated talks had been scheduled to start on Monday. 
China published Thursday an ambitious plan to end poverty and food problems plaguing 80 million rural Chinese by the year 2000, but western experts derided the scheme as hopelessly unrealistic.  The State Council's draft plan, detailed on the front page of all national dailies, pledges to concentrate China's manpower, materials and funds and to mobilise all sectors of society to largely eradicate food shortages by the turn of the century. 
Most Japanese business leaders believe Japan's economic growth in real terms will average at least two percent through to the end of the century, according to a survey published Thursday.  The Mainichi newspaper said that in its survey of 50 company presidents, conducted from late April to mid-May, 32 expected a two percent-level growth, compared with 14 forecasting a three percent- level. Three presidents predicted zero percent or one percent growth. 
The opposition coalition Accord for Russia has postponed its founding congress to May 28 due to a lack of funds and organisational problems, a spokesman for the movement said Thursday.  The congress, which was scheduled to be held Thursday, was to unite communists and conservatives in parliament as well as opposition leader Alexander Rutskoi in a new front opposed to President Boris Yeltsin. 
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres left Oslo for Paris Thursday after talks with Norwegian officials on economic aid to Israeli- occupied territories and setting up the next round of discussions with the PLO.  Norway heads a coordinating committee of countries supplying aid to the territories. 
President Hastings Kamuzu Banda, who has ruled Malawi for the past three decades, conceded defeat in the country's first free elections in an address on state radio Thursday.  Banda said the leader of the opposition United Democratic Front (UDF), Bakili Muluzi, was a clear winner of Tuesday's presidential poll. 
Malaysian Premier Mahathir Mohamad charged Thursday that European countries were seeking to lift minimum wage levels in developing nations as a ploy to overcome their own economic problems.  "They actually want the workers of the developing countries to (make a) sacrifice to ensure that they (European countries) maintain their high living standards," Mahathir said. 
The dollar closed lower at 103.58 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Thursday, down 0.60 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.18 yen.  The Tokyo market mostly reflected trends in New York, where the dollar lost ground despite the interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve Board, dealers said. 
About 30 wounded people were killed in their beds when a mortar shell slammed into Kigali's main hospital early Thursday, a United Nations spokesman said, quoting reports by witnesses.  UN officials were on their way to the hospital to check the report, spokesman Abdul Kabia said. It was unknown who had fired the mortar shell. 
An explosion and fire on a Red Sea ferry carrying almost 600 passengers and crew killed at least three people, left 50 injured and some 270 unaccounted for on Thursday, rescue services said.  A total of 257 people were rescued in the early hours of the morning from the 583 on board. 
US forces launched a three-day, semi-annual evacuation drill here Thursday for dependents and American civilians residing in South Korea, US authorities said.  The US Eighth Army described the drill as "a routine check" of their manpower, paperwork and evacuation preparedness and said it had nothing to do with tension over North Korea's nuclear program. 
International observers resumed their patrols in the mosque massacre town of Hebron on Thursday after being put under army curfew with the rest of the population.  Israeli troops enforced the curfew following the wounding of 17 Palestinians on Monday and the murder of two Jews in a nearby settlement on Tuesday by Islamic fundamentalists. 
Mark Taylor has made one of his first priorities the eradication of sledging from Australian cricket on taking over here Thursday as Allan Border's successor.  The 29-year-old left-handed opening batsman from New South Wales, groomed for two years as Border's vice-captain, was named the new Australian captain eight days after Border made his anticipated decision to retire after a record 156 tests. 
International observers resumed their patrols in the mosque massacre town of Hebron on Thursday after being put under army curfew with the rest of the population.  Israeli troops enforced the curfew following the wounding of 17 Palestinians on Monday and the murder of two Jews in a nearby settlement on Tuesday by Islamic fundamentalists. 
South Korea's Daewoo Electronics Co. will open a design research center in Paris in June as part of the company's marketing strategy, Daewoo officials said Thursday.  The institute will study and analyze market trends, including European consumers' favorite styles and colors, to produce attractively designed electronics for the region. 
Japan's big trading houses said Thursday they expected earnings to rebound after a dismal year in which profits were squeezed by investment losses and lower revenue from most activities except metal trading.  Seven of the nation's nine largest trading companies suffered declines in pre-tax earnings in the year to March with only two -- Marubeni Corp. and Tomen Corp. -- posting higher profits during the period. 
Japan's biggest real-estate developer Mitsui Fudosan Co. Ltd. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings plunged 36 percent from a year earlier to 16.4 billion yen (159 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company said revenue declined five percent in the same period to 795 billion yen, forecasting an even smaller profit of 12 billion yen for the current year on reduced sales of 730 billion yen. 
Azerbaijani Defence Minister Mamedrafi Mamedov will travel to Moscow Thursday to meet with Russian Defence Minister General Pavel Grachev for talks on Nagorno-Karabakh, the spokesman for the Azerbaijani defence ministry said by telephone from Baku.  The spokesman said details of the Azerbaijani proposals to stop hostilities in the disputed enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh would not be made known until after the meeting. 
Merv Hughes has lost his place in the Australian cricket team to tour Sri Lanka and Pakistan later this year.  Concern over their inability to take wickets with the new ball has also cost fellow Victorian fast bowler Paul Reiffel a trip. 
A UN flight landed safely at Tuzla airport Thursday, two days after Bosnian Serb artillery shelled the airport when another UN plane landed there, UN spokesman Jens Kirk said.  No damage was caused in that incident, but the plane took off abruptly as the eight shells thudded in. 
Japanese construction company Obayashi Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings dropped 18 percent from a year earlier to 57.7 billion yen (563 million dollars) in the year to March.  But the company said revenue rose seven percent to 1.63 trillion yen. 
Japanese construction company Taisei Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings dropped 28 percent from a year earlier to 73 billion yen (709 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company said revenue fell 6.5 percent to 1,850 billion yen. 
Australian cricket tour itinerary of Sri Lanka and Pakistan in September-November.  SRI LANKA 
Chinese Vice-Premier Li Lanqing indicated Thursday that Beijing had no intention of reversing its decision to give a US oil company rights to explore for oil in territory disputed with Vietnam.  Li said that while Beijing would continue "friendly consultations" with Hanoi on overlapping territorial claims in the South China Sea, these talks would cover only disputed territories, not territory belonging to China. 
At least 1,000 Ukrainian interior ministry forces and members of the national guard were dispatched to the pro-Russian autonomous republic of Crimea overnight, Crimean acting interior minister Valery Kuznetsov told the local parliament here Thursday.  Kuznetsov told Crimean lawmakers that the troops were headed by Ukrainian deputy interior minister General Netrigailo who presented him with a decree from President Leonid Kravchuk ordering local forces to bow to the Kiev government. 
Australia's most profitable bank, National Australia Bank Ltd., recorded a 71 percent interim profit rise Thursday, leading the sector out of a recent quagmire of problem loans.  Analysts said it outperformed expectations by posting net profits for the six months to March 31 of 868.8 million Australian dollars (625 million US). 
The Bank of Portugal cut two key rates three-eighths of a point Thursday.  The bank reduced its repurchase rate from 10.75 percent to 10.375 percent and the rate on its certificate of deposits from 9.75 percent to 9.375 percent. 
Asia Pacific entrepreneurs eager to boost business in the region will set up a forum that will allow them to contribute to policy making within the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC), a businessman said Thursday.  Vice-chairman of the Indonesian chamber of commerce and industry Husein Aminuddin, speaking on the second day of an APEC senior officials' meeting, said the region's business community plans to launch an Asia-Pacific Business Network (APB-Net) in Jakarta in August. 
Former prime minister Bettino Craxi, who was told to surrender his passport pending corruption enquiries, is in a Tunis hospital for treatment for diabetes, his wife Anna said in an interview published Thursday.  The whereabouts of the discredited Craxi, a former Socialist leader who must answer for some 20 graft allegations, have been uncertain since investigating magistrates demanded on May 12 that he turn over his passport. 
China on Wednesday denied as "groundless" reports that a law suit had been filed against Wei Jingsheng, saying the country's most famous dissident was under surveillance.  "Wei Jingsheng is now under surveillance," foreign ministry spokesman Wu Jianmin said at a weekly press briefing. 
Syria is "blowing cool" as the United States endeavours to bring it back to the Middle East peace table with Israel, Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said Thursday.  "We know the Syrians' methods," Peres told state radio. "Until an agreement is concluded they blow cool winds in every direction." 
A population census is to be held in the former Yugoslav republic of Macedonia from June 21 to July 3, supervised and funded by the European Union and the Council of Europe.  Parliament voted 57-19 for the measure on Wednesday after 10 days of intensive debate. Opposition to the census arrangements was headed by Macedonian nationalists who complained that printing the question papers in the languages of national minorities as well as Macedonian would open the way to cantonisation of the country. 
Under fire from a host of countries, Japan has confirmed its decision to put the brakes on a controversial nuclear programme that would expand creation of plutonium.  A report by the Japanese Atomic Energy Commission, published Thursday, sketched a radical shift away from plutonium over the long term by postponing fast-breeder reactors that generate the substance, and plants to recycle them. 
Japan's Yamaha Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings dropped 21 percent from a year earlier to 2.2 billion yen (21 million dollars) in the year to March, forecasting a further decline this year.  The world's largest manufacturer of musical instruments said sales dipped four percent to 316 billion yen in the same period. 
Japanese electrical machinery maker Omron Corp. said Thursday its pre- tax earnings rose seven percent from a year earlier to 7.5 billion yen (73 million dollars) in the year to March despite increased sales.  The country's biggest manufacturer of control components said sales were up 1.7 percent to 370 billion yen in the same period, mainly supported by increased sales of electronic-funds-transfer systems. 
Australia's consumers are showing record levels of optimism about the country's economic future, a survey by the Westpac-Melbourne Institute said Thursday.  The consumer sentiment index shot to its highest level since the poll began 21 years ago, rising 2.2 points or 1.8 percent to 121.2 points during May. 
British Telecommunications (BT) on Thursday announced a 40 percent increase in annual pre-tax profits at 2.756 billion pounds sterling (4.134 million dollars) from 1.97 billion pounds a year earlier.  The result, for the year to March, was in line with analysts' expectations of between 2.7 and 2.8 billion pounds. 
Japan's money supply in April grew 2.1 percent from a year earlier, up from a revised 1.9 percent in March, the Bank of Japan said Thursday. 
At least 1,000 Ukrainian interior ministry forces and national guard members were dispatched to the Ukraine's pro-Russian Crimea republic overnight, Crimean acting interior minister Valery Kuznetsov told the local parliament here Thursday.  Kuznetsov said troops were headed by Ukrainian deputy interior minister General Netrigailo who presented him with a decree from President Leonid Kravchuk ordering local forces to bow to the Kiev government. 
Financial ministers, bankers and advisors of developing Asian nations began a search Thursday for the elusive causes of success in East and Southeast Asian economies.  More than 50 people began examining case studies of East Asian "Tiger" economies -- and their younger "cubs" in Southeast Asia region -- during a two-day conference organized by the World Bank and the UN Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP). 
British retail sales rose 0.4 percent in April on the previous month, and lifted an encouraging 4.4 percent over the year, the central statistical office (CSO) said Thursday.  The figures were better than expected -- analysts had predicted the monthly figures would remain stable or show a rise of only 0.1 percent -- quelling fears that economic recovery might not be sustained because of large tax increases in April. 
Japan's money supply in April grew 2.1 percent from a year earlier, up from a revised 1.9 percent in March, the Bank of Japan said Thursday.  M1, or money in circulation plus private-sector current accounts, grew 5.4 percent in April year-on-year, while certificates of deposit in the month fell 11.6 percent from a year earlier, the central bank said. 
Australia's biggest company, BHP Co. Ltd., on Thursday forecast record steel production for the year to May 31 of 7.5 million tonnes.  Managing director John Prescott forecast about 40 percent of the year's steel production would be exported. 
Russia's pilots Thursday suspended a strike until next month, saying they would resume negotiations with the government later in the day on improving air security and boosting pensions, ITAR-TASS reported.  "We have suspended the strike until June 2 in order to try one more time to find a compromise" with the government, said pilots' union official Alfred Malynovski. 
China is willing to make more gestures on human rights but it wants the United States to understand its need to clamp down on dissent to preserve social stability, The New York Times said Thursday.  American experts who recently met with Chinese leaders told the daily in Beijing that China wants to protect its 30-billion-dollar export trade with Washington but not if this encourages dissent. 
The foreign ministers of Russia, the United States and five western European countries will hold a meeting on Bosnia-Hercegovina June 13, French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Thursday.  Juppe, speaking on French radio, did not say whether the meeting would be held in Geneva, where the foreign ministers held talks last Friday on the same issue. 
UN special envoy to ex-Yugoslavia Yasushi Akashi arrived here Thursday for a 24-hour visit during which he is to meet with Macedonian President Kiro Gligorov and the ministers of defense and the interior.  Akashi, accompanied by French General Bertrand de Lapresle, the commander of the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) in ex-Yugoslavia, will also meet with local UNPROFOR officials to discuss the political situation in this former Yugoslav republic. 
At least three people died but more than 500 were rescued when fire swept through a Red Sea ferry off the Egyptian coast on Thursday, the transport ministry said.  Around 50 of the 535 saved had been injured, while the remainder of the 589 passengers and crew were still unaccounted for as rescue operations continued. 
The European court of justice dismissed a suit by Air France on Thursday seeking to stop British Airways from buying out 49.9 percent of the French air company TAT.  The case dates back to November 1992 when the European Commission gave the go-ahead for the purchase. Air France lodged an appeal three months later, arguing that commission officials handling anti-trust and competition regulations had refused to apply them to British Airways though they had enforced them in other comparable circumstances. 
Britain has raised the possibility of a UN pullout from Bosnia unless the warring factions there can settle their differences in about eight weeks, the Foreign Office confirmed Thursday.  A spokesman said Foreign Office Minister of State Douglas Hogg told a private group in London Wednesday night that the Bosnian Moslems "have to recognize military defeat" and give up the notion of recovering lost territory by force. 
The European Court of Justice on Thursday rejected an attempt by Air France to overturn the purchase by British Airways of a 49.9 percent share of the French regional airline TAT.  The French national carrier had appealed against a decision by the European Union's executive European Commission in November 1992 to allow the purchase on the grounds that it did not infringe EU competition regulations. 
The dollar held relatively steady in early trading on European money markets Thursday as dealers waited to see how the US currency would respond at home following this week's US interest rate increases.  The dollar was trading at 0845 GMT for 1.6575 German marks in London against 1.6580 marks late Wednesday here and 1.6570 marks in New York. 
Deutsche Bank, leading creditor of property developer Juergen Schneider, will have to make 400-500 million marks (2.4-3.0 million dollars) provision for losses due to the Schneider group collapse, bank board member Georg Krupp said.  Krupp, who is the board member for mortgage lending, said on ARD television that the figure was not yet final, because examination of eight developments Schneider financed through Deutsche Bank was not yet complete. 
A judge sentenced a piano teacher accused of molesting two young girls to 30 days in jail, and ordered him to give his 12,000-dollar piano away and keep his fingers off the keyboard for 20 years.  "He stole the desire from these girls to play the piano, so he shouldn't be able to play the piano either" State District Judge Ted Poe said Wednesday on sentencing 66-year-old George Marrs. 
Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati will pay the first visit to Cairo by a senior Iranian official since the 1979 Islamic revolution when he attends a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) later this month, the Tehran Times said Thursday.  Iran and Egypt broke ties after the revolution and maintain diplomatic contact at interest section level. 
Spain in coming months may consider reducing the number of troops it has in Bosnia-Hercegovina, Defense Minister Julian Garcia Vargas said Thursday, adding that he understood similar plans announced earlier this week by France.  "It is probable that in coming months, we may consider reducing our troops in Bosnia," Garcia said at Madrid airport on his return from an official trip to Turkey. "The UN peacekeepers cannot stay on a mission forever." 
China warned the United States Thursday not to attach any conditions to renewal of its MFN status, saying such an action would have an "adverse influence" on bilateral ties.  A foreign ministry spokeswoman said most-favoured-nation (MFN) trade status was "a reciprocal and a mutually beneficial trade arrangement." 
China confirmed Thursday that it had agreed to visits by technicians from the Voice of America (VOA) to discuss alleged Chinese jamming of broadcasts by the US radio network.  The move is an apparent concession to US President Bill Clinton who made the cessation of radio jamming by the Chinese authorities one of the conditions for renewal of China's most-favoured-nation (MFN) status with the United States. 
Japan's money supply in April grew 2.1 percent from a year earlier, up from a revised 1.9 percent in March, the Bank of Japan said Thursday.  The broadly-defined money supply in April averaged 519.9 trillion yen (five trillion dollars), the central bank said in a preliminary report. 
German car manufacturer Volkswagen on Thursday said the company had reduced its first quarter deficit this year by 7.25 percent from last year's 1.247 billion marks (779 million dollars).  The net loss was down to 342 million marks for the first three months of 1994, the company said. 
Some 30 wounded people were killed in their beds Thursday when mortar shells slammed into Kigali's overcrowded main hospital, the Red Cross said, in the latest tragedy in the battle for the Rwandan capital.  Hospital officials said a shell landed directly on a tent packed with patients, which was erected in a courtyard to cope with a massive influx of people with machete and gunshot wounds, the survivors of six weeks of ethnic carnage that has killed half a million people. 
At least 20 people were killed and 30 wounded in the Afghan capital Thursday, when a rocket hit a crowded checkpoint controlled by Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar's Hezb-i-Islami forces, witnesses said.  The rocket struck as scores of people gathered at the checkpoint in the Chelsitoon area in south Kabul, waiting to stock up with supplies in the Hezb-held part of the city, ahead of this weekend's Moslem Eid festival. 
China denied Thursday reports it was still exporting prison labour products to the United States in violation of bilateral accords, saying this was "sheer fabrication."  Ending such exports was also one of the conditions laid down by Bill Clinton for this year's renewal of China's most favoured nation trade status, an issue on which the US president must decide by June 3. 
The first train carrying heavy trucks under the English Channel left the French terminal here just after midday (1000 GMT) for England.  Fourteen trucks were aboard. 
Saudi authorities have lifted a "siege" on the Iranian pilgrim compound in Mecca, imposed to prevent the pilgrims from holding an anti-US rally, the official Iranian news agency IRNA said.  Security forces withdrew late Wednesday, it said without giving details. 
North Korea's President Kim Il-Sung has said he does not fear possible trade sanctions against his country, already isolated from the world for more than 40 years, press reports said Thursday.  "What further sanctions, beyond those we have been subjected to, can be imposed? I feel like saying 'Go ahead and try'," Kim said in an interview last month, extracts of which appeared here in the Asahi Shimbun newspaper. 
The Supreme Court of Israel threw out Thursday a petition from two lawyers demanding the sacking of an Arab judge from the Hebron massacre inquiry committee.  The Tel Aviv advocates alleged that Ahmad Zoabi had shown "prejudice" to Jewish settlers in an interview with the Maariv newspaper and was not fit to sit on the inquiry into the February 25 slaughter of 30 Moslems by a settler. 
New Zealand Premier James Bolger Thursday prodded Malaysia, his country's largest Southeast Asian market, to help link a proposed free trade area in the ASEAN region with a New Zealand-Australia economic forum.  "As activity between our two regions draws us closer together, it seems to me that this could be a sensible and worthwhile development," said Bolger, a day after he arrived here on a three-day visit. 
Malaysia is likely to lift soon a three-month boycott of British firms and may announce the decision during a visit here next month by British Trade Minister Richard Needham, government sources said on Thursday.  Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad is believed to have already agreed to end the ban, following recent consultations with British Premier John Major, they said. 
Honda Motor Co. Ltd. said on Thursday that it had agreed on the terms and conditions for terminating its cross-shareholding relationship with British carmaker Rover Group Ltd.  Under the agreement, which follows the purchase of 80 percent of Rover by German carmaker Bayerishe Motoren Werke AG (BMW), Honda said it would relinquish its 20 percent stake in Rover. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin has refused to accept the resignation of Vice Premier Sergei Shakhrai, who this week was stripped of the portfolio of minister of nationalities, a presidential spokesman said Thursday.  Shakhrai had complained he was not consulted in advance about the new nationalities minister and said he could not remain in the government. 
Taiwan's top government watchdog Thursday approved a proposal to censure the cabinet, defense ministry, the air force and its US buying agency for irregularities in purchases of US S-2T anti-submarine plans, officials said.  The defense committee of the Control Yuan decided that the bodies either failed to supervise the deal or bought the planes at abnormally high prices, and should be censured for administrative negligence, Yuan member Li Sheng-yi said. 
Italian director Nanni Moretti, competing here for the Golden Palm film award, attacked new premier Silvio Berlusconi Thursday, voicing concern at his domination of Italy's media industry.  Moretti, on the Croisette for the screening of "Caro Diario" (Dear Diary), a quirky comedy starring himself, said Berlusconi would inevitably suffer a conflict of interests. 
Ukraine dispatched at least 1,000 troops to Crimea overnight in what local officials Thursday called a "military coup" against the autonomous government of the Russian speaking region.  Valery Kuznetsov, Crimea's acting interior minister, said the troops, headed by Ukrainian Deputy Interior Minister General Valentin Nedrigailo (eds correct), had presented him with a decree from President Leonid Kravchuk ordering the takeover of local law- enforcement forces. 
Denmark has protested to the United Nations about a refusal to provide close air support for the Nordic battalion under attack by Bosnian Serbs at Tuzla airport this week, Defence Minister Hans Haekkerup said here Thursday.  Ritzau news agency said he complained about "excuses and reservations" among the UN Protection Force command in Bosnia which had occurred many times in recent months. 
A plan by the commission of the European Union to restructure the steel industry has been killed by problems in reducing capacity, Competition Commissioner Karel Van Miert said here on Thursday.  The plan was well and truly dead because it had proved impossible to reach a minimum figure for the reduction of productive capacity, he told a press conference. 
Philippine monetary officials Thursday called for calm following a multi million dollar securities scam, but admitted that the losses were much bigger than earlier thought.  The Monetary Board (MB) said in a statement after an emergency meeting that it "assures the public that the banking system is stable" and that "there is no reason to panic." 
Japanese electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. said Thursday its consolidated pre-tax earnings rose 10 percent from a year earlier to 102 billion yen (990 million dollars) in the year to March.  But the company, which has been adversely affected by the strong yen and recession in key markets, said worldwide sales slipped seven percent to 3,733 billion yen in the same period, depressed by lower revenue from Europe, the United States and Japan. 
The United Nations is to send a food convoy to a camp in southern Yemen where thousands of Somali refugees who fled their own civil war are trapped in crossfire, an official said Thursday.  But Rolf Guldberg, UN High Commissioner for Refugees representative in Sanaa, told AFP the Somalis were in an "active war zone" and the convoy could only leave once fighting subsided. 
Bakili Muluzi, the jovial, 51-year-old businessman who defeated Malawi's ruler Kamuzu Banda at the polls on Thursday, could scarely present a more striking contrast to the nonagenarian president.  Muluzi seems the antithesis of Banda, even in his failings. Cheery and chubby, he is an unashamed populist who would never shy from a walkabout among his people or from making extravagant election promises. 
China Thursday backed a proposal by Cambodia's King Norodom Sihanouk for roundtable peace talks to end the fighting in his country.  Foreign ministry spokesman Wu Jianmin said "we highly appreciate and support King Sihanouk's efforts in realizing national reconciliation and maintaining peace and stability in Cambodia." 
Finnish President Martti Ahtisaari ended a two-day visit to Russia Thursday during which he held talks with President Boris Yeltsin and top government officials, ITAR-TASS reported.  Ahtisaari, on his first official visit to Russia, met the speakers of the two houses of parliament, Vladimir Shumeiko from the Federation Council and Ivan Rybkin from the State Duma. 
Britain and Spain Thursday joined France in raising the possibility of a reassessment of the UN military presence in ex-Yugoslavia in the absence of progress toward peace, saying troops could not stay forever.  British Foreign Office Minister of State Douglas Hogg said the Bosnian Moslems "have to recognize military defeat when it stares them in the face... 
China warned the United States Thursday not to attach any conditions to renewal of its MFN status, saying such an action would have an "adverse influence" on bilateral ties.  A foreign ministry spokeswoman said most favoured nation (MFN) trade status was "a reciprocal and a mutually beneficial trade arrangement." 
The Bank of France reduced its two key interest rates by 10 and 35 basis points on Thursday.  It reduced its tender rate to 5.40 percent from 5.50 percent and its five to 10-day repurchase rate by 35 points to 5.40 percent. 
Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto's party strengthened its hold on power in the North West Frontier Province Thursday by winning the seat of deputy speaker in the provincial assembly.  Pakistan People's Party (PPP) nominee Allaud Din was elected to the post with 44 votes against 33 polled by opposition candidate Ghulam Nabi Khan in the 83-member house, assembly official said. 
A seventh youth has been charged in connection with an attack by skinheads on a group of Africans in this eastern German town, the state prosecutor said Wednesday.  Investigators also have the names of 30 other suspects in the attack by 50 or 60 drunken skinheads who chased five Africans through the streets on May 12, which was a public holiday. 
Under opposition fire, Japan's foreign minister has retracted remarks that the nation's pacifist constitution should be "reviewed" to permit collective security arrangements in light of the North Korean nuclear crisis, newspapers said Thursday.  Legislators from the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and Social Democratic Party (SDP) grilled Koji Kakizawa at a lower house budget committee Wednesday, temporarily stalling parliamentary deliberation, the Yomiuri, Mainichi and Nihon Keizai newspapers said. 
North Korea's news agency said Thursday that Japan is seeking to revive militarism and should not become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.  "It is only too clear that a war criminal, a nuclear criminal, cannot become a permanent member of the UN Security Council," the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) said in a report monitored here. 
A drug baron and former provincial minister sentenced to life imprisonment, has fled to Afghanistan afer a dramatic escape from custody, it was reported Thursday.  In April, Ammanullah Kundi slipped out of a hospital in the Dera Ismail Khan district in the northwestern province, where he had been taken by prison authorities for treatment. 
At least 14 people -- 11 Algerian soldiers and three Russian nationals -- were killed in an attack on a bus carrying the Russians near the Algerian town of Jijel, Russian foreign ministry spokesman Girgori Karassin said Thursday.  He said that "most of the terrorists" who carried out the attack Wednesday were also killed. 
More than 500 people were rescued as a fire swept through a Red Sea ferry off the Egyptian coast on Thursday, leaving five people dead and around 20 missing, officials said.  The Qamar al-Saudi was sailing from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, to Suez, in Egypt, when an explosion in the engine room shortly before midnight caused the blaze which spread rapidly, rescue services said. 
Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres arrived in the French capital Thursday from Oslo for a 24-hour visit that will include talks with President Francois Mitterrand.  Peres, who had talks with Palestine Liberation Organization leader Yasser Arafat in the Norwegian capital, was to brief Mitterrand on developments in the Israeli-Palestinian accord on limited autonomy and Israeli negotiations with Syria, an Israeli source said. 
New Zealand captain Ken Rutherford won the toss and put England into bat on a firm wicket in the first of the two 55-over, one-day internationals here on Thursday.  Hampshire off-spinner Shaun Udal and Yorkshire paceman Darren Gough were given their England debuts at the Edgbaston ground. 
English First Division club, Millwall, have been charged with failing to control supporters, following the hooligan rampage at their match on Wednesday.  The English Football Association action could result in the closure of the London club's ground, The New Den, which only opened this season, as well as a heavy fine. 
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has urged his people to shun Western political systems saying they could lead his country to turmoil if adopted.  Museveni has repeatedly expressed his dislike of multi-party politics, but a newly elected constituent assembly includes opposition members, although the president's National Resistance Movement (NRM) has a majority. 
A medical study of rugby players shows those who engage in endurance training reduce their risk of injury 25 percent.  But those in interval training are twice as likely to be injured as those who do not train at all, a conference here was told Thursday. 
President Kamuzu Banda, who has ruled Malawi for three decades, bowed out graciously on Thursday in favour of Moslem businessman Bakili Muzuli after the country's first multi-party elections.  Muluzi, the leader of the opposition United Democratic Front (UDF), was a clear winner of Tuesday's presidential poll, Banda conceded in a state radio broadcast at 9:00 a.m. (0700 GMT), before official results were released. 
Despite a ten-day strike and some desertions among its British-trained instructors, the training of soldiers for Mozambique's new unified new army is going well, British sources said Thursday.  British defence attache in Maputo Colonel John Wyatt told AFP: "I'm sure its true a few instructors have gone missing, but the number is small, and the strike at Boane training center ended yesterday". 
Bosnia's Moslem-led army has stepped up offensives on several fronts, UN officials said Thursday, as western governments issued fresh warningins that they will pull their peacekeepers out of Bosnia unless serious peace negotiations resume.  UN Protection Force spokesman Rob Annink said the Bosnian army was strengthening its positions on both the eastern and western fronts in central Bosnia and "feels ready to launch an attack" against Serb forces. 
Ukraine launched consultations Thursday with US, Russian and Crimean officials on a controversial plan to impose presidential rule in Crimea, an aide to Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk said.  The official, who asked not to be named, said that talks were launched after at least 1,000 special interior ministry troops and members of the national guard arrived in Crimea to place local law-enforcement forces under their control. 
The ruling body of motor sport has rejected attempts by the Grand Prix teams and drivers to modify rules changes imposed on safety grounds for the next race, the Spanish Grand Prix on May 29.  The International Automobile Federation (FIA) said in a statement it would consider alternative proposals for further drastic changes to the cars, set for the June 12 Canadian and July 31 German Grands Prix. 
Japanese construction company Obayashi Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax earnings rose 18 percent from a year earlier to 57.7 billion yen (563 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company said revenue rose seven percent to 1.63 trillion yen. 
Northern forces of President Ali Abdallah Saleh  tried to lay siege to this key port-city on Thursday, as the United Nations prepared to send vital aid to trapped Somali refugees.  Artillery battles were raging a few dozens kilometers (miles) of Aden, bastion of southern leader Vice President Ali Salem al-Baid, an AFP correspondent said. 
An armed gang killed three Russians and at least 11 Algerian soldiers in an attack on a bus near the Algerian coastal town of Jijel, a Russian foreign ministry spokesman said Thursday.  "Most of the terrorists" were also killed in the attack on Wednesday, spokesman Grigori Karassin said. 
New claims for US unemployment benefits fell by 14,000 to 367,000 in the week ending May 14, the Labor Department said Thursday.  Wall Street analysts had forecast a decline of 28,000. 
Volkswagen (VW) announced a sharp improvement in its overall performance, reporting a net loss for the first quarter of 342 million German marks (206 million dollars) on Thursday.  This was despite continuing severe problems in the Seat subsidiary and compared with a loss of 1.247 billion marks in the first three quarters of last year. 
Ministers of the European Union and 70 associated African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) developing nations continued confidential discussions here on Thursday in a mid-term review of their trade and aid pact known as the Lome Convention.  The three-day parley in the Swaziland capital is due to adapt the convention to recent international developments. The emphasis is on making a more direct link between aid and respect for human rights encompassing "democratic values, the rule of law and good govern ance," as EU proposals put it. The EU is looking for explicit language about suspending aid if such values are infringed. 
Two people sleeping on the pavement outside the Pakistani High Commission (embassy) here were slightly injured by a crude bomb tossed by two men on a motorcycle, police said Thursday.  The incident occurred late Wednesday outside the blue-domed mission located in New Delhi's heavily guarded diplomatic enclave, police said. 
Japanese police arrested 75 suspected illegal immigrants from a group of 138 Chinese people discovered in a warehouse in the southern town of Hakata, a police official said Thursday.  Police acting on a tip found the 138, including 15 women, Wednesday in an empty warehouse in the port town on Kyushu island, about 900 km southwest of Tokyo. 
The US trade deficit fell sharply to 7.46 billion dollars in March, the Commerce Department said Thursday.  The trade gap narrowed by 18.5 percent in March from February's revised deficit of 9.15 billion dollars. 
A marble plaque in memory of seven Jewish victims of French war criminal Paul Touvier has been found broken into pieces, prompting accusations from a Jewish organisation that neo-Nazis were to blame.  The plaque, screwed on to a cemetery wall at Rillieux-La-Pape near here, commemorated the reprisal shooting by the pro-Nazi militia of seven Jews on June 29, 1944, on the orders of Touvier, who was Lyons militia intelligence chief. 
An elderly German woman in the throes of a nightmare leapt out of her window Wednesday night, falling seven metres (22 feet) onto a lawn and suffering several fractures, police said.  The woman said she had been dreaming of being attacked and pursued when she jumped. 
Canada's trade surplus fell to 659 million dollars (478 million US) in March as the country posted record imports and exports, the government reported Thursday.  The surplus was down 188 million dollars (136 million US) compared with February. 
Benin and South Africa have established diplomatic relations, the foreign ministry said here Thursday.  It noted that initial links had been set up since early 1992. Foreign Minister Robert Dossou told the press that Benin would open its embassy in South Africa "very soon." 
Thirteen opposition supporters in Niger were given light jail terms on Thursday for their part in antigovernment disturbances last month in which one person was killed.  Charged with arms offences and damaging the public thoroughfare, three were jailed for two to three months and the other 10 received suspended sentences of six or seven months. Another 12 suspects were freed. 
the horse-trading for leadership of Britain's opposition is taking place behind the scenes, but 41-year-old Tony Blair emerged Thursday as clear favourite eight days after the sudden death of John Smith.  During the week leading up to the funeral in Edinburgh of the man who symbolized the Labour Party's "tranquil power" -- he will be buried Friday -- party leaders refused even to discuss the succession, and Blair, the shadow interior minister, shunned all contact with the press. 
Senior Japanese and US trade officials began talks here Thursday aimed at breaking a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade negotiations.  Japanese deputy foreign minister for economic affairs Sakayuki Hayashi and vice-minister at the international trade and industry ministry Sozabaru Okamatsu made no comment as the entered the offices of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). 
Teenage tennis star Jennifer Capriati voluntarily entered a drug rehabilitation center in the Miami area Wednesday, two days after her arrest on drugs charges, her agent said.  Capriati's agent, Barbara Perry, told USA Today that her parents visited her Wednesday and "everything's fine, she's in good spirits," the newspaper reported Thursday 
Dozens of Gazans who were fired from hospital jobs by Israel during the six years of uprising or intifada will be allowed to return to work as soon as possible, a PLO official said Thursday.  Among those sacked for "security reasons" were Zakaria al Agha, a member of the Palestinian Authority, who headed a department at the Nasser hospital in Khan Yunes until 1988, as well as his wife, who is also a doctor. 
The US trade deficit shrank 18.5 percent to 7.46 billion dollars in March, the Commerce Department said Thursday.  Analysts had forecast the trade deficit would narrow to 8.3 billion dollars from February's revised imbalance of 9.15 billion dollars. 
A series of napalm reservoirs exploded, totally destroying an underground arms depot west of the Kyrgyzstan capital, Bishkek, the Kyrgyz defence ministry, quoted by ITAR-TASS agency, said Thursday.  A ministry spokesman said the blasts, which caused no injuries, took place "following an act of negligence." Napalm is used to produce incendiary bombs. 
The political crisis in Bulgaria deepened Thursday as the government warned it would resign unless parliament supported a proposed cabinet reshuffle and a general strike threatened to paralyze the country.  Deputy Prime Minister Yevgeni Matinchev warned that the centrist government would resign unless a compromise was reached with groups in parliament opposed to a government reshuffle. 
A UN plane made two safe flights in and out of Tuzla airport Thursday, two days after Bosnian Serb artillery shelled the airport when another UN plane landed there, UN spokesmen said.  They said a third flight was expected to take place later in the day. 
New claims for US unemployment benefits fell by 14,000 to 367,000 in the week ending May 14, the Labor Department said Thursday.  Wall Street analysts had forecast a much larger decline of 28,000. 
Michael Stich hopes he has got his day-off out of the system following an inept straight sets defeat to Alexander Volkov here Thursday just four days before the French Open.  "I did everything wrong that I could. There was no special reason it was just not my day but I prefer to play like that here rather than in Paris," the German said after Volkov gave the Russians a 1-0 lead in their World Team Cup match. 
Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shareh dismissed Israeli peace proposals Thursday saying they showed Israel did not want to withdraw from all the Arab lands it occupied during the 1967 Middle East war.  The official agency SANA said Shareh was commenting during a meeting with his Swiss counterpart Jacob Kellenberger whoe arrived in Damascus Wednesday. 
Israel's internal security agency, the Shin Beth, has asked Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin to conceal the identities of people whose telephones are being tapped, the daily Haaretz said Thursday.  Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and his government have pledged only to publicize names by court order. 
Senior Japanese and US trade officials began talks here Thursday aimed at breaking a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade negotiations.  "We are making progress," said US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor as he left the initial meeting to testify at a congressional hearing. 
The Nigerian military regime has made further efforts to prevent a boycott of elections next week to a constitutional conference to begin in June as part of its declared aim of restoring democracy.  The government has sent Yoruba members in the cabinet to the ethnic Yoruba heartland in the southwest, in a bid to win support from key traditional rulers in the region, where the boycott call has been intensified. 
The OECD presented an upward revision of its growth forecasts to OECD policy-makers here on Thursday, projecting average growth of 2.5 percent in the OECD area this year followed by 2.9 percent in 1995.  The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) last December forecast 2.1 percent growth in the OECD area this year and projected growth of 2.7 percent in 1995. 
The prime minister designate of Rwanda, Faustin Twagiramoungou, Thursday held talks with French foreign staff on the crisis in his country wracked by an ethnic bloodbath, a ministry official said.  Twagiramoungou, who became premier after Rwanda plunged into the strife that is believed to have claimed as many as 500,000 lives in six weeks, arrived from Brussels on Wednesday at the invitation of France. 
Laura Tyson, President Bill Clinton's chief economic adviser, was elected to chair the OECD's Economic Policy Committee (EPC) for the next 12 months, on Thursday.  The committee, composed of top-level national policy-makers, elected the vice minister of Japan's Economic Planning Agency, Tsutomu Tanaka, and British Treasury chief economic adviser Alan Budd as vice chairmen. 
A suspected PLO mastermind of the murder of Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics returned to the Gaza Strip on Thursday to find a guard of honour waiting, a correspondent reported.  Amin al-Hindi, 45, the PLO security chief, crossed the border at Rafah from Egypt with Israel's approval as self-rule gets into full swing. 
Bosnia's Moslem-led army has stepped up offensives on several fronts, UN officials said Thursday, as western governments issued fresh warnings that they will pull their peacekeepers out of Bosnia unless serious peace negotiations resume.  UN Protection Force spokesman Rob Annink said the Bosnian army was strengthening its positions on both the eastern and western fronts in central Bosnia and "feels ready to launch an attack" against Serb forces. 
The dollar was mixed against other major currencies in quiet trading here early Thursday and was expected to decline the rest of the day.  Gold, meanwhile, rose to 383.60 dollars an ounce, up 1.60 dollars from late Wednesday. 
Key Japanese banks involved in the Eurotunnel project are overcoming initial reluctance and agreeing to provide new funds, opening the way for an overall agreement within the next two days, banking sources here said on Thursday.  About 35 Japanese banks are involved and represent the biggest single group in the banking syndicate. But they had been the most reticient to participate in the operation to raise about 700 million pounds (1.25 billion dollars), the sources said. 
Deutsche Bank rejected a proposal for an external audit of its exposure to the collapsed Schneider group on Thursday, tried to reassure shareholders, and described payments for work in hand as "peanuts".  The bank has been widely criticised for lax lending to runaway property developer Juergen Schneider who owes it 1.2 million marks (727 million dollars). 
Iranian naval forces have begun land and sea manoeuvres in northern Gulf, a newspaper said here Thursday.  The four-day exercise, code-named "Nasre-2", is aimed at "enhancing combat capability and maintaining a constant presence in the country's territorial waters," the daily Etellaat said. 
England made 224 for eight after being put in to bat in their one-day cricket international against New Zealand here on Thursday.  England 
A plan to restructure the European steel industry by reducing capacity and shedding 50,000 jobs has collapsed because of disputes over subsidies for Italian plants.  The plan by the commission of the European Union was well and truly dead because it had proved impossible to reach a minimum figure for the reduction of productive capacity, Competition Commissioner Karel Van Miert said here Thursday. 
German gross domestic product (GDP) for the first quarter of 1994 is expected to be "significantly higher" than for the same period in 1993, the economy ministry said on Thursday in its monthly report.  "The economic indicators are increasingly upward-orientated," the ministry said, observing that in former East Germany the economy was "on a growth course". 
Gross domestic product (GDP) for the first quarter of 1994 is expected to be "significantly higher" than for the same period in 1993, the Economy Ministry said Thursday in its monthly report.  "The economic indicators are increasingly upward-oriented," the ministry said, observing that in ex-East Germany the economy was moreover "on a growth course." 
Three-time Olympic gold medallist Johann Olav Koss of Norway has retired from international speed skating to concentrate on his medical studies.  Koss said it was impossible to combine skating with studies and he was also having difficulty motivating himself after such a successful season. 
Blue-chip stocks slipped early Thursday under pressure from rising bond rates boosted by good US economic news of a sharply narrower trade deficit and fewer unemployment claims.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was down 1.23 point at 3,731.66 several minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange. 
A Swiss doctor was wounded by shrapnel outside Kigali on Thursday while escorting a truckload of food to needy civilians on the front line between rebel and government forces, a Red Cross official said Thursday.  Philippe Gaillard of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said he "strongly suspected" that rebel guerrillas, who opened fire on a convoy carrying a former French government minister on Sunday, were responsible. 
Disciplined Kiwi bowling pegged England back after they had looked set to take control in the first one-day cricket international here on Thursday.  Chris Pringle, finishing with five for 45, helped restrict England to 224 for eight wickets at the end of their 55 overs. 
A Chinese director with a film entered at the Cannes Film Festival has been barred from leaving his country to present it, a source close to the movie said Thursday.  The incident is the second involving a Chinese director with a film at the festival being absent. 
President-elect Bakili Muluzi vowed Thursday to champion the rule of law, alleviate poverty and boost social services, after defeating Hastings Kamuzu Banda in the country's first free elections.  However, he promised there would be no witch-hunt against outgoing ruler Hastings Kamuzu Banda, who bowed out graciously Thursday in favour of Moslem businessman Muzuli. 
Russia's former vice president Alexander Rutskoi said he was questioned Thursday by the prosecutor's office after calling for the overthrow of his arch-rival President Boris Yeltsin at rallies earlier this month.  Rutskoi, speaking during a telephone interview with AFP, said he answered all of the prosecutor's questions in writing, filling two and a half pages. 
North Korea on Thursday blasted Japan as a "nuclear criminal" and urged the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to look into its "concealment of 70 kilograms of plutonium."  "Recently, the true color of Japan as a nuclear criminal was dragged into the light of day, causing quite a stir worldwide," a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman said in a statement. 
Presidents Richard von Weizsaecker of Germany and Francois Mitterrand of France met for a farewell lunch here Thursday six weeks before the end of Weizsaecker's second and last term in office.  Weizsaecker, who made his first official visit to France 10 years ago, will also make farewell visits to London and Warsaw before his term ends on June 30. 
A small bomb exploded in a Roman Catholic church on the western bank of the Bosphorus Thursday, church officials said.  The blast in the Santa Maria Draperis church in the Beyoglu district caused slight damage and no injuries, the officials added. 
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres arrived in the French capital Thursday from Oslo for a 24-hour visit that will include talks with President Francois Mitterrand.  Peres, who had talks with Palestine Liberation Organization leader Yasser Arafat in the Norwegian capital, was to brief Mitterrand on developments in the Israeli-Palestinian accord on limited autonomy and Israeli negotiations with Syria, an Israeli source said. 
A 40-year-old man trying to light a cigarette on a stove-top burner died of asphyxiation when he slipped and was knocked unconscious, police said Thursday.  Police said the victim, Marc Geissweidt, apparently switched on the gas burner but didn't get a chance to light it before his accidental fall Wednesday at his home in a Strasbourg suburb. 
Sony Corp. on Thursday blamed the failure of big-budget movies at the box office for its overall operating loss of 4.4 billion yen (43 million dollars) in the United States last year.  Company officials said the loss in the year to March, reversing an operating profit of 35 billion yen a year earlier, reflected "errors" with such movies as "Last Action Hero" and "Geronimo" which did not do well. 
The stock market limited its losses against rising bond rates and profit taking after two straight days of advances.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was down 5.83 points at 3,727.06 at 11:00 a.m. (1500 GMT). Roughly 85 million shares were traded. 
Japan's Mazda Motor Corp. said Thursday that it would recall some 29,000 defective vehicles for gas tank repairs, the transport ministry said.  Mazda will recall seven models, including Familia van and Familia wagon, made between 1986 and 1994 because poor welding on the gas tank could result in leaking fuel, the ministry said. 
Aston Villa striker Dean Saunders will miss his club's end of season tour to South Africa, in order to defend himself in a court case, starting on Monday.  Saunders is being sued in the High Court by former Chelsea defender Paul Elliott, over a tackle made by the Welsh international while playing for Liverpool at Anfield in September 1992. 
Denying China most-favoured-nation (MFN) trading status is not in the US interest, Chinese Vice-Premier Li Lanqing said here Thursday.  Singapore and Malaysia, meanwhile, added that MFN should not be linked to human rights as the United States insists. 
Family members gathered Thursday at the side of cancer-stricken Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, home from the hospital after deciding there was nothing more doctors could do for her, a spokeswoman said.  John Kennedy Jr. and daughter Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg were with their mother at her apartment on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue. 
US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor said Thursday that US-Japanese trade talks aimed at breaking a three-month deadlock in trade negotiations were off to a "good start" and may be extended.  "We are making progress," Kantor said as he left the talks to testify at a congressional hearing. 
Suspected Islamic fundamentalists killed three Russians and 11 Algerian soldiers in an attack as the army-dominated government made a new bid to find a political solution to the civil war.  An armed gang killed the Russians and the soldiers in an attack on a bus near the Algerian coastal town of Jijel, a Russian foreign ministry spokesman said in Moscow Thursday. 
Philippine Airlines Inc. (PAL) suffered substantial losses in fiscal 1993 and is expected to stay in the red in the first two quarters of the current year, company officials said Thursday.  However PAL officials said they were implementing cost-cutting measures and assured that despite months of internal conflict, they were now united in assuring the airline's success. 
Japanese construction companies, reeling from a series of bribery scandals, announced Thursday steep declines in earnings and revenue for the year to March, and predicted more rough ground ahead.  The three leading contractors -- Shimizu Corp., Taisei Corp. and Kajima Corp. -- all reported double-digit falls in pre-tax earnings and forecast further profit declines this year. Fourth-ranked Obayashi Corp. managed to post higher earnings but like its rivals is also bracing for lower profits this year. 
Spain coach Javier Clemente named nine players from Barcelona players in his World Cup squad on Thursday.  Spanish squad 
The Israeli army announced Thursday that non-Palestinian civilians could cross the autonomous enclave of Jericho in convoys of at least five vehicles.  Israelis will have to fill out a form at the roadblock into the West Bank town stating the time and number of passengers per car. The forms are handed in to Israeli border guards at the exit point. 
The English Rugby Union is facing a revolt after refusing senior clubs representation on its new ruling body.  The top 40 clubs say they are being frozen out in the restructuring of the union and are threatening a boycott. 
Bundesbank president Hans Tietmeyer hinted on Thursday that no further cut in interest rates was imminent.  In a speech to the University of Halle in eastern Germany, he said that perspectives for key interest rates had been "settled for some time to come" with the bank's latest cuts of a week ago. 
Businessman Bakili Muzuli emerged Thursday as Malawi's new elected leader after defeating Kamuzu Banda who had once called himself President-for-life during his 30 years of autocratic rule.  Muluzi, 51, vowed to champion the rule of law, alleviate poverty and boost social services and promised there would be no witch-hunt against Banda, who bowed out graciously on Thursday morning, admitting defeat. 
Germany is ready to support a United Nations aid operation in Rwanda by providing a military transport plane, but will not send troops, government spokesman Dieter Vogel said Thursday.  Ministers expressed a readiness to send a Transall, but security conditions at Kigali airport had first to be clarified, he said after a cabinet meeting. 
Estonian Defence Minister Indrek Kannik was sacked Thursday after his policy differences with the ruling coalition came to a head, the government press service said, cited by the Interfax news agency.  The government statement said Kannik had been ousted for attempting to "provoke a split within the government," adding that he could no longer "work in cooperation with the governing coalition." 
Ukraine ordered the takeover of police forces in the Crimean peninsula Thursday in what local officials charged was a military coup against the leadership of the Russian-speaking region.  Valery Kuznetsov, Crimea's acting interior minster, told a session of the local parliament that Ukrainian Deputy Interior Minister Valentin Nedrigailo had presented him with a decree signed by President Leonid Kravchuk and ordering the takeover. 
Suspected Moslem extremists killed three Russians and eight Algerian soldiers, wounding five other Russians, in an ambush, officials said Thursday after a new government bid to find a political way out of the civil war.  An armed gang killed the Russians and the soldiers in an attack Wednesday on a bus near the Algerian coastal town of Jijel, security officials said here. A Russian foreign ministry spokesman earlier reported the killings but said eight and not 11 soldiers died. 
NATO's offer to grant privileged relations to Russia "echoes" an idea already put forth by Moscow on establishing cooperation between the former communist state and the Atlantic alliance, a Russian foreign ministry spokesman said.  The main point of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization proposal is that the sort of dialogue being considered by NATO with Moscow "is to correspond to the role of our country in maintaining security in Europe," spokesman Grigori Karassin said. 
Rosemary West, 40, wife of accused serial killer Frederick West, was Thursday charged with a seventh murder in connection with the so- called "House of Horrors."  The latest charge accused her in the death of Shirley Ann Robinson, 18, whose remains police said they found buried in the rear garden of the Wests' house at 25 Cromwell Street in this town in western England. 
France Thursday held out for better terms from Russia on export of nuclear fuel to the European Union as a condition for agreeing to a trade deal between the union and Moscow.  The statements by visiting French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe came as he began a meeting with his Russian counterpart, Andrei Kozyrev. 
Britain and Spain Thursday joined France Thursday in warning they might pull their troops out of Bosnia unless serious all-party peace talks took place, saying UN soldiers could not stay there forever.  British Foreign Office Minister of State Douglas Hogg warned here that "time is running out" for a negotiated solution to the crisis, while in Madrid Defence Minister Julian Garcia Vargas said Spain would probably consider reducing its troop contingent in the coming months. 
The United States denied Thursday that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation was offering Russia a special relationship beyond the Partnership for Peace links offered to other former Soviet bloc nations.  A US official said NATO was in favour of deeper dialogue with Moscow but added: "This will not be NATO and Russia ganging up on everyone else. The idea of a special or strategic relationship beyond dialogue is not on offer." 
Palestinian police chief General Nasr Yussef warned Thursday that Israeli settlers could no longer carry weapons into the synagogue in the self-rule enclave of Jericho.  "We will no longer allow settlers to enter the synagogue with guns because Palestinians are responsible for security in the sector," Yussef said. 
Denmark has protested to the United Nations about a refusal to provide close air support for the Nordic battalion under attack by Bosnian Serbs at Tuzla airport, Defence Minister Hans Haekkerup said here Thursday.  Ritzau news agency said the minister, fired by Tuesday's latest incident, complained about "excuses and reservations" among the UN Protection Force command in Bosnia which he said had occurred many times in recent months. 
About 30 wounded survivors of Rwanda's killing fields died in their beds when rebels shelled Kigali's main hospital Thursday, and a Swiss doctor was wounded by rebel rocket fire, officials said.  The Un headquarters was also pounded by mortars in the heaviest fighting in Kigali for 10 days, but nobody was hurt, UN military commander General Romeo Dallaire said. 
The Group of Seven (G7) industrialized countries will discuss economic support for South Africa when they hold a summit in Italy in July, a news report said here Thursday.  The G7, at its summit in Naples July 8-10, is expected to agree to hold a new multilateral conference to support South Africa, Kyodo News Service cited official sources as saying. 
President Bill Clinton said Thursday China and the United States were holding further discussions as a showdown loomed over renewal of China's favorable US trading rights.  "We're speaking with the Chinese," Clinton said. 
Somali warlord General Mohamed Farah Aidid returned to Mogadishu on Thursday after nearly six months' absence from Somalia, UN spokesman George Bennett told AFP by telephone from the Somali capital.  Aidid, who heads the Somali National Alliance (SNA) faction, has been out of the country since December 2 when he flew out aboard a US military aircraft for the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa to attend Ethiopian-brokered Somali reconciliation talks. 
Masked men came under fire from a security guard when they jumped over the garden wall of African National Congress (ANC) secretary-general Cyril Ramaphosa's Johannesburg home Thursday, police said.  The security guard became suspicious when four white men wearing masks drove past Ramaphosa's home in a car without registration plates Thursday morning, the domestic news agency SAPA reported. 
A UN plane made two safe flights in and out of Tuzla airport Thursday, flying the first humanitarian mission to the northern Moslem enclave since the reopening of the airport in March, UN officials said.  NATO stepped up air cover of the airport, with an AC-130 Spectre hovering above the airport in the morning and several fighter planes flying over at low altitude, particularly during unloading of the white Ilyushin 76 transport plane. 
President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe on Thursday reiterated pledges to remove restrictive business practices in his country, saying Zimbabwe now offered "major opportunities" for investment and growth.  In a speech to a investment forum organised by the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) and the Confederation of Zimbabwe Industries (CZI) here, Mugabe said he was keen to see a growth in foreign investment, particularly from Britain. 
Luis Ocana, the 1973 Tour de France winner, killed himself here Thursday. The 45-year-old Spaniard, who had lived in France for 20 years, died from gunshot wounds, the hospital said. 
Fifteen Touareg rebels were killed and five government troops wounded when an army patrol clashed with rebels trying to steal an official vehicle, Interior Minister Ousmane Oumarou told AFP Thursday.  Five rebels were detained after the incident, which happened Monday between Assode and Timia, in the Iferouane region. 
Britain and Spain Thursday joined France in warning they might pull their troops out of Bosnia unless serious peace talks took place, as defiant Moslem forces stepped up their offensive on several fronts, UN officials said.  UN Protection Force spokesman Rob Annink said the mainly-Moslem Bosnian army was strengthening its positions on both the eastern and western fronts in central Bosnia and "feels ready to launch an attack" against Serb forces. 
Foreigners desperate to escape Aden crowded the docks in the baking sun Thursday, as the rival Yemeni armies battled their way into a third week of civil war.  The struggle between President Ali Abdallah Saleh's northern troops and those of his southern rival Vice President Ali Salem al-Baid was concentrated for the fourth day running on Al-Anad, a giant air base 60 kilometres (36 miles) north of here. 
Fraud charges and counter-charges engulfed the presidential elections in the Dominican Republic Thursday, leaving President Joaquin Balaguer with a contested lead and a deepening political crisis.  The vote count remained suspended as the Central Election Board considered charges by social democratic candidate Jose Francisco Pena Gomez that changes in voting lists denied some 200,000 people the vote Monday. 
Family members gathered Thursday at the side of cancer-stricken Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, home from the hospital after deciding there was nothing more doctors could do for her, a spokeswoman said.  John Kennedy Jr. and daughter Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg were with their mother at her apartment on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue. 
Swedish industrial group Saab-Scania registered a net profit of 448 million kronor (57 million dollars) for the first three months of 1994, the company announced Thursday.  The company recorded a loss of 109 million kronor (14 million dollars) for the corresponding period last year. 
British athletics has won a sponsorship deal that will boost the sport by around two million pounds.  A leading food company will sponsor the AAA Championships at Sheffield on June 11 and 12, the GB-USA international at Gateshead on July 20 and three unnamed events in 1995. 
England named a near full strength line-up for the second match of their South African tour, picking 14 of the players that did duty for England in the final five nations match against Wales.  The team to take on Natal Saturday consists of David Pears, Rory Underwood, Will Carling, Phil de Granville, Tony Underwood, Rob Morris, Dewi Morris, Jason Leonard, Brian Moore, Victory Obogu, Nigel Redman, Martin Johnson, Tim Rodber, Ben Clarke and Dean Richards. 
Swedish midfielder Stefan Schwarz will play for European Cup Winners Cup holders Arsenal next season, Sweden's national coach Tommy Svensson said here Thursday.  Svensson said Schwarz, who plays for Portuguese league leaders Benfica, would sign when the Portuguese championship ends. Benfica have four matches to play. 
British lorry drivers donned shirt and tie Thursday as they became the first commercial passengers to pass through the Channel tunnel, giving a measured welcome to the multi-billion dollar underground link between England and France.  In the club-car which carried the drivers towards France at 130 kilometres (80 miles) an hour, Mal Lindsey, a British driver working for the Bird's company, said laconically: 
The OECD is taking a more bullish view of prospects for economic recovery in its area, including Japan, delegates to a panel of top policy-makers from member countries said Thursday.  Officials from the 25 member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), including Mexico which joined on Wednesday, were also clearly more optimistic about the outlook. 
About 36 lawyers arrested in a crackdown have been charged with attempting to overthrow the government and placed in police custody, the Egyptian bar association said Thursday.  The lawyers, who were also charged with "inciting violence and illegal gathering," could face execution if convicted in line with emergency laws adopted in 1981 following the assassination of President Anwar Sadat. 
China was engulfed in a new dispute over censorship of filmmakers Thursday after it emerged that it had banned a top director from attending the premiere of his film at the Cannes festival.  The announcement that filmmaker Yin Li had been banned came only a few days after Zhang Yimou, widely tipped as a contender for the Golden Palm, stayed away from his premiere here in protest at Chinese censorship. 
Euro Disney's creditor banks gave the green light Thursday to a restructuring programme for the troubled theme park, agreeing to underwrite 51 percent of a billion-dollar investment package, two leading banks said.  The Banque Nationale de Paris (BNP), together with Indosuez the lead institutions of the 61 creditor banks, said that "with the exception of a few banks, all the establishments have agreed to guarantee the increase in capital, which should be in made available in June or July." 
The dollar was mixed in calm trading here Thursday afternoon, but dealers expected it to strengthen against the yen in response to US- Japan trade talks.  The ounce of gold rose 1.30 dollars to 383.30 dollars from Wednesday's close. 
Copper soared again on the London Metals Exchange on Thursday, rising to a 17-month high as dealers anticipated another major drawdown in stocks on Friday.  Copper jumped 50.5 dollars to close at 2,252.5 dollars per tonne -- a high since December 1992. 
President Bill Clinton said Thursday international atomic energy inspectors should be ready to report back soon on whether North Korea is diverting nuclear fuel.  Clinton said he would temporarily refrain from comment on reports that North Korea has begun removing spent fuel rods from a reactor at the Yongbyon nuclear complex in defiance of international warnings. 
French philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy has decided to field a "Sarajevo" list in next month's elections to ensure that the Bosnian conflict remains on the agenda for the European Union, his supporters said Thursday.  Participants at a meeting Thursday decided to set up a list to be led by cancer specialist Leon Schwartzenberg, and to be entitled "Europe begins in Sarajevo." 
Rwanda is facing an outbreak of epidemics as the civil war in the country enters its seventh week, the World Health Organization said Thursday.  WHO director general Hiroshi Nakajima said he was "gravely preoccupied by the rapid deterioration of the health situation in Rwanda" and warned of the likelihood of major outbreaks of cholera, dysentery and other communicable diseases. 
Heavy fighting has erupted between the two main Kurdish groups in northern Iraq ending a 10-day truce, Kurdish officials said Thursday.  Clashes, which broke out on Wednesday in the town of Koi Sandjak, some 50 kilometers (30 miles) east of the city of Arbil, in the east of Iraqi Kurdistan, were reported to be spreading to nearby areas on Thursday. 
Jennifer Capriati checked herself into a drug rehabilitation clinic, her agents confirmed Thursday, amid lurid reports that the teenage tennis star used heroin and crack cocaine during a two-day drug party.  A spokeswoman for International Management Group said Capriati had voluntarily entered the rehabilitation center at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach on Wednesday, two days after she was arrested for possession of marijuana. 
Euro Disney's creditor banks gave the green light Thursday to a restructuring programme for the troubled theme park, agreeing to underwrite 51 percent of a billion-dollar reinvestment package, the two lead banks said.  The Banque Nationale de Paris (BNP), together with Indosuez the lead institutions of the 61 creditor banks, said that "with the exception of a few banks, all the establishments have agreed to guarantee the increase in capital, which should be in made available in June or July." 
England beat New Zealand by 42 runs here Thursday in the 55-over one- day international.  England 224-8 (M A Atherton 81, C Pringle 5 45), New Zealand 182 (B A Young 65). 
Jocelyn Angloma, at the end of his contract, has moved from Olympique Marseille to newly-promoted Italian side Torino for a reported 450 million lira (284,000 dollars). The 29-year-old French international defender signed for three years.  rw94 
Dundee United's Serbian manager Ivan Golac hopes his unswerving faith will rub off on his players when they face treble chasers Glasgow Rangers in the Scottish FA Cup Final on Saturday.  On the face of it the Tannadice club barely have a straw to clutch at. 
Petric, who Golac stresses is still adjusting to the Scottish game, warned: "I was not happy to lose.  "It was something I couldn't handle and I don't want to have to experience it again." 
A referendum will be held in Northern Ireland to discover the views of the people over their future, the British government said in a statement on Thursday.  In response to 20 questions posed by Sinn Fein on the Downing Street peace declaration, the Northern Ireland Office issued a statement saying the wishes of the greater number of people in Ulster would be determined in a special poll. 
The dollar fell again Thursday on European markets against the German mark, with dealers saying they were surprised by the greenback's poor performance despite rises this week in US interest rates.  The dollar finished the session here at 1.6553 German marks against 1.6580 Wednesday. 
Family members gathered Thursday at the side of cancer-stricken Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, home from the hospital after deciding there was nothing more doctors could do for her, a spokeswoman said.  Cable News Network (CNN) said Onassis received the last rites of the Roman Catholic church. The network showed video images of a priest leaving her apartment on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue. 
The former governor of the Bank of Spain, jailed two weeks ago on suspicion of embezzlement, was released Thursday on 110,000 dollars' bond, prison officials.  The suspect, Mariano Rubio, made no comment as he left the Alcala-Meco prison near Madrid. He must report to police every two weeks. 
Indian Prime Minister R.V. Narasimha Rao met Thursday with President Bill Clinton, who called the encounter the beginning of a solid relationship needed for dealing with South Asia's difficult problems.  "This began what I hope will be a very close working relationship" with India, said Clinton after a two-hour White House meeting during with they covered trade and security concerns affecting India and South Asia. 
European football's governing body UEFA have proposed that half the eight extra places for the 1998 World Cup finals in France go to the regions providing this year's semi-finalists.  In the last two tournaments Europe had three semi-finalists, with Argentina representing South America, and in 1982 all four semi- finalists were from Europe. 
A referendum will be held in Northern Ireland to discover the views of the people over their future, the British government said in a statement on Thursday.  In response to 20 questions posed by Sinn Fein, the political wing of the IRA, on the Downing Street peace declaration, the Northern Ireland Office issued a statement saying the wishes of the greater number of people in Ulster would be determined in a special poll. 
Israel and Syria could sign a peace agreement this year with the help of increased US diplomatic efforts, Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Yossi Beilin said Thursday.  "If US Secretary of State Warren Christopher continues his tours of the Middle East and even steps up the pace, then it is possible to reach a peace agreement with Syria in 1994," Beilin told Arab-language Israeli television. 
Authorities investigating a race-riot in this east German city, which sparked accusations of police laxity, Thursday turned their attention to the role of foreigners in the violence.  Magdeburg prosecutor Rudolf Jaspers said that according to some witnesses, foreigners joined in the city centre violence and attacked Germans who had nothing to do with the events. 
Former Italian premier Bettino Craxi, who was told to surrender his passport pending corruption enquiries, is in a Tunis hospital for treatment of diabetes and needs more rest, friends said Thursday.  His wife Anna had revealed in an interview published by the Turin newspaper La Stampa Thursday that the missing former Socialist leader was in Tunisia for treatment. 
The English footballers' union has called for talks with the game's governing bodies amid warnings that players' lives are at risk from hooligan fans.  The alert follows attacks on Derby goalkeeper Martin Taylor and midfielder Paul Williams during the Rams' promotion play-off match at Millwall's New Den ground on Wednesday night. 
President Bill Clinton said Thursday that he has not made decisions on whether to extend China's trade benefits and defended his  the time he is taking to do so. 
Monica Seles has demanded 10 million dollars from the German Tennis Federation for losses caused by the knife attack at a Hamburg tournament from which she has yet to return to pro tennis.  The German lawyer for Seles, the world number one at the time of the attack on April 30, 1993, has written the federation citing examples of inadequate security at the Citizen Cup event. 
Italian markets reflected skepticism Thursday that businessman-turned- premier Silvio Berlusconi will be able to implement his radical free- market economic recovery program.  Berlusconi who scraped through a Senate confidence motion by a single vote Wednesday will enter a 100-day trial period Friday -- when the lower house votes on his government -- with pledges to launch an economic package to create one million new jobs by the end of 1996 and cut government spending. 
A policeman and two armed kidnappers were killed Thursday in a shootout in central Moscow after two women were taken hostage in a shop, the Interfax agency said.  The shootout happened after three armed men entered the store near Gorky Park Thursday afternoon and took the women hostage, the agency said. 
A Roman Catholic priest administered last rites Thursday to a cancer- stricken Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who went home to her family after deciding doctors could do nothing more for her.  Son John Kennedy Jr. and daughter Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg were with their mother as relatives gathered at Onassis' Fifth Avenue apartment in Manhattan arrived to visit after her release from the hospital. 
France swept to a surprising victory over the United States, and Russia - without the help of their star player Yevgeny Kafelnikov - defeated Germany in the World Team Cup on Thursday.  Pete Sampras put the United States ahead against France, but the defending champions ran into trouble when Michael Chang was beaten 6-4, 7-6 (8/6) by Arnaud Boetsch. 
Ukraine ordered the takeover of police forces in the Crimean peninsula Thursday in what local officials charged was a military coup against the leadership of the Russian-speaking region.  President Leonid Kravchuk meanwhile warned that he could order the use of force against Crimea if the regional parliament adopted a constitution opposed to the central government. 
England's young guns felled New Zealand after the tourists had got themselves into a potential winning position in the first one-day international here on Thursday.  After New Zealand had pegged back England's batsmen's opening flourish, restricting them to 224 off their 55 overs, the tourists survived the early loss of Martin Crowe and at 78-1 looked to be in the driving seat. 
Thursday's close of play scores in first day of English county championship matches:  Nottingham: Nottinghamshire 368-7 (J C Adams 121, K P Evans 104) v Sussex. 
Venezuelan Energy Minister Erwin Arrieta-Valera called here Thursday for OPEC countries to be less confrontational and to foster better relations with consumer countries.  He backed the recent decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to maintain production quotas in 1994, and to distribute any necessary cuts proportionally across OPEC members. 
Britain's Prince Charles left Saint Petersburg, Russia, late Thursday at the end of a three day visit.  In a dispatch monitored by the BBC, ITAR-TASS news agency said the Prince left for Britain after attending the official opening of a British Council office in the northwest Russian city earlier Thursday. 
One of the shorter press conferences of the Cannes film festival was given Thursday by US megastar Bruce Willis, here to promote his new blood-and-sex blockbuster, "Color of Night."  Willis was the star of the show at a meet-the-media event in a private suite of the Martinez hotel, just along from the Festival Palace on the Cannes seafront. 
Kiwi captain Ken Rutherford managed to share a joke with England chairman of selectors Ray Illingworth, despite the tourists' 42 run defeat at the Edgbaston ground Thursday.  Asked to give England's performance a mark out of 10, Illingworth replied: "Seven." 
India has reduced import tariffs on almonds in their shells, US trade Representative Mickey Kantor said Thursday, a move that will help make California almond exporters more competitive.  The announcement of a cut in tariffs from 55 rupees per kilogram (2.2 pounds) to 44 rupees per kilogram came during a visit to Washington by Indian Prime Minister R.V. Narasimha Rao. 
Japanese consul Michiko Fukuzawa was stabbed to death with a screw driver by assailants who broke into her apartment and looted it of money, jewels and electrical appliances, police said Thursday.  Neighbors who noticed that the apartment's service door was ajar discovered Fukuzawa's body in the bathroom, where she had been stabbed in the head and the kneck with a screw driver, police said. 
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres announced here Thursday that talks would soon be held on transferring power in five key areas to Palestinian authorities throughout the West Bank.  Speaking after a meeting with President Francois Mitterrand, Peres said he believed that, in the near future, Israeli and Palestinian leaders would discuss "the transfer of power in certain sectors into the hands of Palestinian authorities on the West Bank." 
Britiain is to hold a referendum in Northern Ireland over the future of the province, the British government said Thursday, in response to a nationalist challenge for clarifications to a peace initiative for the troubled region.  The move followed the presentation of a list of 20 questions by Sinn Fein -- political wing of the outlawed Irish Republican Army (IRA) -- to London on last December's joint Downing Street peace declaration on Northern Ireland, signed by Britain and the Irish Republic. 
The extradition of a former SS officer from Argentina to face murder charges in Italy could take two years to complete, judicial sources said Thursday.  Erich Priebke has been accused of organizing and taking part in a mass execution of Italians during World War II. The 81-year-old former Germany army captain has been living quietly, but quite openly, in a winter resort in southern Argentina for 46 years. 
If any golfer has had a chequered career it is Germany's Alexander Cejka, the leader after the first round of the Italian Open on Thursday.  After escaping with his father from the old communist Czechoslovakia as a nine year old, he turned professional at 18 having started in the game by caddying for his father and grandfather in his birthplace, Marienbad. 
Kentucky Derby winner Go for Gin goes for the second leg of US racing's Triple Crown Saturday in the one and three-16ths mile Preakness Stakes.  The Nick Zito-trained colt was the early 2-1 favorite to become the first Derby winner since Sunday Silence in 1989 to win the Preakness. 
Share prices here lost some of their shine Thursday, in line with losses on Wall Street after the announcement that the US trade deficit shrank more than expected.  The Footsie index of 100 leading shares was up 6.3 points or 0.2 percent to close at 3,122.8 points. It had shown an early gain of 14.6 points in response to Wednesday's Wall Street gains and an unexpected rise of British retail prices in April of 0.4 percent over March. 
Krupp-Hoesch put on eight marks, but Kloeckner-Werke shed 5.50 marks and Thyssen 4.50.  The bond market was down and practically all public loan stock slipped. The average yield rose to 6.25 percent from 6.23 percent. 
Manchester United centre-half Gary Pallister has withdrawn from England's squad for the match against Norway at Wembley on Sunday with an achilles injury.  His place has gone to Wimbledon's John Scales. 
Army-backed interim president Emile Jonaissant said Thursday that Haitians seeking to flee the violence-ridden country for the United States would face punishment if they are returned.  In a news conference at the National Palace, the leader, unrecognized by the international community, said his government would enforce a 1980 decree providing for penalties for clandestine emigration. 
Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher refused Thursday to testify to a parliamentary committee over the Pergau Dam arms-for-aid scandal.  In a letter published Thursday, Thatcher said: "I do not feel able to break the convention, established since 1945, that prime ministers and former prime ministers do not give evidence to select committees on specific issues." 
Four accused members of the French leftwing extremist group Action Directe were sentenced Thursday to life in prison by a Paris court.  They will be eligible for parole after serving 18 years of the sentence. 
The Canadian media firm Hollinger Inc. said Thursday it had reduced its stake in the British daily The Telegraph from 66.2 percent to 56.95 percent as a result of stock sales by one of its subsidiaries.  First DT Holdings Ltd., a subsidiary of the media group headed by Conrad Black, said 12.5 million common shares of The Telegraph for approximately 152 million dollars (110 million US) to the British- based Goldman Sachs Equity Securities and Cazenove and Co. 
Northern troops battered southern defences at the key air base of Al- Anad Thursday with fighting going on over the dead bodies of fallen soldiers, wounded witnesses said.  Lorries filled with ammunition and battle-weary men were seen by an AFP correspondent retracing steps down from the base over which hung a plume of thick, black smoke. 
South Africa does not want handouts, but rather a level playing field where it can compete with full access to international markets, vice president Frederik de Klerk said here Thursday.  He said he had emphasized, in talks with Prime Minister John Major and other officials, that "South Africa is very grateful for aid, but we are not looking for handouts, that we would like, on the basis of being competitive, to have full access to all markets. 
Four jailed members of the leftwing extremist group Action Directe serving life terms for murder received another life term Thursday at a court in Paris.  Under the new term they will only become eligible for parole after serving 18 years of the sentence. 
A parliamentary commission called Thursday for former Conservative prime minister Constantine Mitsotakis to be tried for his alleged involvement in a telephone tapping scandal, Socialist Party sources said.  The commission of inquiry called for Mitsotakis to answer charges of "moral involvement" in illegal phone-tapping between 1988 and 1990, abuse of power, and breaking laws on ministerial reponsibility, said sources in the governing Socialist Party (PASOK). 
The former Stalanist state of Albania welcomed a bastion of Western culture Thursday when President Sali Berisha inaugurated the country's first Coca Cola factory.  The plant, costing 9.5 million dollars and with a bottling capacity of 6,000 litres (1,300 gallons) an hour, marks the first successful large-scale foreign investment in a country where, under the hardline post-war dictatorship of Enver Hoxha, Coca Cola was banned as a "dangerous and decadent" substance. 
US-Japan trade talks to try to break a three-month deadlock in bi- lateral trade talks will go into a second day Friday a US trade official said Thursday.  "They will continue discussing this evening and into tomorrow" a spokeswoman for the US Trade Representative Office said. 
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is due to return on his third peace shuttle between Israel and Syria around June 12, an Israeli foreign ministry source said late Thursday.  "We are expecting Mr. Christopher to come to Jerusalem and Damascus around June 12 after a meeting he is due to hold in Turkey, but the date has not yet been fixed," said a senior official who asked not to be named. 
Tibet's exiled spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, hailed Thursday what he called a resurgence of Buddhism in post-Soviet Russia.  "Our centuries-olds ties with Russia have now been restablished after a few difficult decades," the Dalai Lama said. 
IAEA inspectors in North Korea to find out if that country is making nuclear weapons, have visited an experimental reactor and a radiochemical laboratory at the Yongbyon nuclear complex and will continue their inspection Friday, an IAEA spokesman said Thursday.  Hans-Friedrich Meyer would not comment on a report by the Washington Post that the reclusive Stalinist country had begun removing spent fuel rods from the reactor at the Yongbyon nuclear complex in defiance of international warnings not to do so. 
The dollar rose against most major currencies Thursday as traders were encouraged by the resumption of US-Japan talks aimed at cutting the 60 billion dollar US deficit with Japan.  Gold fell 60 cents from Wednesday's closing price to 381.40 dollars an ounce. 
A strike called by ground engineers of the national carrier Indian Airlines disrupted flight schedules across India for the fourth day Thursday following a logjam in talks, officials said here.  Hundreds of passengers were stranded in airports across the country as the protest for higher wages saw flights being cancelled, diverted or delayed, reports said. 
President Bill Clinton spelled out Thursday five reasons to justify why the United States could end up taking military action against Haiti.  "We plainly have a significant interest in Haiti," said Clinton. 
Two powerful blasts rocked Aden Thursday evening, spreading panic in the streets of the southern Yemeni stronghold.  The explosions sent residents scurrying to cellars, and a fire broke out in the area near the airport. 
Indian Prime Minister R.V. Narasimha Rao and President Bill Clinton took a major step in improving strained relations between the two countries here on Thursday.  Rao's visit to the United States was the first by an Indian prime minister since 1987 when Rajiv Gandhi came and was hoped to help mend strained relations over what India has perceived as neglect by Washington. 
Crimean President Yuri Meshkov offered late Thursday to send an official delegation to Kiev to defuse a political crisis sparked earlier in the day after Ukraine said it was taking over the peninsula's police forces.  Meshkov told the ITAR-TASS agency here that he was willing to send a team of deputies from the autonomous Ukrainian republic to discuss "questions of interest to both parties", and called for intervention from Russia to safeguard Crimea's status. 
Human rights violations by the Peruvian military routinely go unpunished, Amnesty International chief Pierre Sane said Thursday during a one-week trip to this Andean nation.  Sane also underscored his organization's backing of Peruvian human rights groups, which are often accused of sympathizing with the Maoist Shining Path whose 14-year war against the government has left 27,500 people dead in addition to 5,000 disappeared. 
The Societe Le Nickel (SLN) Thursday inaugurated a new mine that is expected to help rank New Caledonia as one of the world's largest nickel producers.  The Kopeto 2 mine, 250 kilometers (155 miles) outside of Noumea, is expected to produce 17,000 tonnes of nickel per year for 15 years and to supply one third of the requirements of the SLN's refinery in Noumea, the only one in the territory. 
Four jailed members of the leftwing extremist group Action Directe serving life terms for murder received additional life terms Thursday at a court in Paris, judicial officials said.  Under the new terms they will only become eligible for parole after serving 18 years. 
Two powerful blasts rocked Aden Thursday evening, spreading panic in the streets of the southern Yemeni stronghold.  It was the first time that Aden has been hit since the Yemeni civil war broke out 
The rally in blue-chip stocks continued Thursday, led by a rise in technology stocks as the bond market shrugged off an early slump.  The Dow Jones industrial average gained 26.09 points percent, its sixth consecutive rise, to close at 3.758.98. 
Brazil, the favourites to win the 15th World Cup, are their own biggest opponents in their quest for a fourth trophy, according to their former star Roberto Rivelino.  Rivelino, who played at the high point of his nation's footballing history in 1970 when they won their third World Cup, believes a stylish 2-0 friendly win over Argentina on March 23 this year showed the current side was capable of reliving those glory days. 
Russian football chiefs appear to have quashed the revolution which was threatening their World Cup hopes.  Fourteen of their best players had demanded the resignation of coach Pavel Sadyrin, bigger World Cup bonuses and hot water at their training centre in Tarasovka. 
Roger Milla, eager to become the oldest World Cup finalist, denies he was handed a ticket for the United States by Cameroon president Paul Biya.  "It's a lie," he said here this week as Cameroon's chaotic World Cup buildup appeared to have finally come to a standstill at the French national training centre at Clairefontaine. 
Sweden's coach Tommy Svensson has the task of putting his country's national team back on the map after their appalling showing in the 1990 World Cup.  Only four teams out of 24 lost all their matches at Italia '90, and Sweden, finalists on home soil in 1958, were one of them. 
Argentina, dubbed villains of the 1990 World Cup, will aim to make the critics eat their words by taking advantage of a weak first round group and go on to win their third world title.  The South American champions won few friends as they continually complained about decisions, feigned injury, and cynically cut down opponents in reaching the Italia '90 final. 
"We can substitute passion for inexperience, and, after all the stress involved in qualifying, the players will be able to express themselves better on the pitch," Panagoulias said.  Though internationally Greece have little pedigree, many of their players, such as skipper Tasos Mitropoulos, have proved themselves continually in domestic football. 
Greece, torchbearers of the Olympic Games, have cast aside their country's traditional sporting ideals on the run-up to the World Cup -- for money.  The Greek players are celebrating their first World Cup finals, but financial gain, as in most other countries, has outweighed their historical Olympic ethos. 
Nigeria's Super Eagles will be the only side in the World Cup finals hardened by real competition, thanks to their victory in the African Nations Cup in April.  And the style with which Clemens Westerhof's side finally lived up to their potential in Tunisia suggests they are ready to at least match Cameroon's run to the 1990 quarter-finals, the best performance yet by an African side. 
The fighting spirit shown by Luboslav Penev in his battle with cancer is exactly what Bulgaria need as they search for their first ever win in a World Cup finals.  The Valencia forward, who underwent surgery in January to remove a malignant growth on a testicle, has vowed to make the trip to the United States -- "even if they have to carry me there." 
Attacks on people are 25 times more common in Finland than in the European Union and other Nordic countries, according to a report presented at the Finnish Medical Federation's spring seminar Thursday.  More than three violent acts on persons per 100,000 people are inflicted in Finland, compared to only one or less in Germany, Holland, Spain, Britain and Ireland, the report said. 
A 30-year-old man will appear in court Friday charged with directing terrorism and membership of the outlawed loyalist Ulster Freedom Fighters, police said.  The charges against the man from the Shankill Road area of west Belfast follow widespread arrests across protestant loyalist areas of north and west of the city by police and troops on Monday. 
England's league system was blamed for killing off their World Cup hopes but it worked out exactly the opposite for Norway.  At least six or seven of the team who tackle Italy, Ireland and Mexico in the first round of the USA finals, earn their living with English clubs. 
Mexico, World Cup hosts in 1986 but banned in 1990, return to the finals with a new, swashbuckling style enlivened by unorthodox goalkeeper Jorge Campos.  The mastermind of the new approach is Miguel Mejia Baron, who took over from former Argentine manager Cesar Luis Menotti in 1993. 
The United States are not the only team who will feel at home during the 15th World Cup.  Ever since the finals were first awarded to America, Italy have been pencilled in to play in New York, home to millions of Americans of Italian descent. 
Italy, Norway and Mexico must have cursed their luck when the World Cup draw paired them with the Republic of Ireland.  Although they booked their ticket for the United States only by a superior scoring record to Denmark, the Irish have acquired a reputation as a side who are devilishly difficult to beat under the shrewd management of Jack Charlton. 
The cancer that has afflicted Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis is one of the fast-growing malignancies in the United States, although the cause for its rise is unclear.  Non-Hogkin's lymphoma, which is in fact a term used for a variety of lymph node malignancies, is also among the most curable forms of cancer, according to medical experts. 
Bulgarian dream striker Hristo Stoichkov is a defender's nightmare.  Unfortunately, referees, officialdom and even his own managers find him equally hard to handle. 
US-Japan trade talks to try to break a three-month deadlock will go into a second day Friday after getting off to a good start Thursday, US officials said.  "They will continue discussions this evening and into tomorrow" a spokeswoman for the US Trade Representative's Office said after the two sides held three hours of talks Thursday morning. 
Romario has no doubts about who the biggest stars of this summer's World Cup finals will be: "Roberto Baggio, Hristo Stoichkov, Faustino Asprilla and me, of course," he responds.  Confidence has never been a problem for the little Barcelona striker who will lead Brazil's attack in the United States. 
Ruud Gullit, who married his companion Christina Pensa earlier this month, is set for a World Cup honeymoon with Holland after getting exactly the wedding gift he wanted.  The present was a million dollar contract that AC Milan's owner Silvio Berlusconi produced to take him back to the Italian champions a year after they had shown him the door. 
A buddhist in catholic Italy, a shy, undemonstrative man from a nation of extroverts: it is not surprising that Roberto Baggio is also an original on the field.  Nine years after being told by doctors he would never play again, the Juventus forward leads Italy to the United States acclaimed as a beacon of flair and imagination in a game increasingly dominated by tactical rigour. 
Defense Secretary William Perry will hold talks early next week in Brussels with Russian Defense Minister Pavel Grachev and NATO leaders to work out options linking Russia's military to the West.  The 16-member North Atlantic Treaty Organization is searching for a way to forge a "special partnership" with Russia to induce it to join the "Partnership for Peace". 
Brazil's mint is operating day and night in an effort to complete printing of the one billion bank notes of the new currency, the real, in time for its July 1 launch date.  The new currency is one facet of an economic stabilization program devised by former finance minister Fernando Henrique Cardoso, who is running for president in a bid to succeed Itamar Franco. 
Iceland beat Bolivia 1-0 (0-0) in an international friendly football match here Thursday.  Result 
President Joaquin Balaguer stayed ahead in the vote count Thursday as he ran for a seventh term in a controversial campaign that ended with charges and counter-charges of fraud.  With about 95 percent of the vote counted, Balaguer, a blind 87-year- old who has dominated the Dominican Republic since the 1960s, led with 42.36 percent of the ballots or about 1.222 million votes. 
Eight birdies and an eagle lifted Mark Brooks to a 64 Thursday and the first-round lead in The Memorial golf tournament at wind-whipped Muirfield Village Golf Club.  "It happens sometimes," he said. "When you have good greens and good fairways, somebody is going to light it up. That's just the way it is out here." 
Two ground-to-ground SCUD missiles ripped into the southern Yemeni capital Aden late Thursday, injuring four people, according to hospital sources, in the first missile strike on the city since civil war broke out on May 5.  One of the missiles hit the aiport and the other landed in a residential area in the northeast of the city. 
Honda's struggling Indy-car engine effort faces elimination from the Indianapolis 500 this weekend during the final time trials for the May 29 race.  The Honda-powered Lolas of Bobby Rahal and Mike Groff are the slowest of the 30 now qualified for the 33-car field. Neither car reached competitive speed in two weeks of practice. 
The World Bank announced Thursday it would award a 200 million dollar loan to Russia to assist in reform of the country's banking industry.  The World Bank said the loan is aimed at helping speed development of commercial banks, seen as a necessity for the continuation of Russia's privatization program. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat will visit the occupied territories early next month, the chief PLO negotiator at the autonomy talks with Israel Nabil Shaath said here late on Thursday.  Shaath said Arafat, the Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO) chairman, would come "in the first half of June". 
Twelve countries announced Thursday plans to contribute men or equipment to a new UN humanitarian mission in Rwanda, said a UN spokesman said.  No firm offer or number of troops was released, however. 
North Korean President Kim Il-Sung has said the nuclear issue must be resolved through dialogue with the United States, the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) reported Friday.  "Since the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula has emanated from the United States' hostile policy towards the DPRK (North Korea)," he was quoted by KCNA as saying in a report monitored here. 
North Korea has started removing fuel rods from a nuclear reactor with no international inspectors present and may have acquired plutonium for its suspected nuclear weapons program, a US official said Thursday.  US officials were told of the action by International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors who visited the reactor site. 
Jennifer Capriati will be treated for drug abuse at a clinic that offers art and yoga classes, but not tennis, her lawyer said Thursday.  "She's optimistic," lawyer John Ross told WPLG-TV in an exclusive interview. "She is very cooperative with respect to the programme she is in. 
The US dollar opened higher at 104.32 yen in Tokyo on Friday, up 0.74 yen from the previous day's finish of 103.58 yen.  The opening rate compared with New York's late Thursday quote of 104.30 yen. 
North Korean President Kim Il-Sung has said the nuclear issue must be resolved through dialogue with the United States, the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) reported Friday.  "Since the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula has emanated from the United States' hostile policy towards the DPRK (North Korea), it must be resolved through dialogue between us and the United States," he was quoted by KCNA as saying in a report monitored here. 
French Socialist leader Michel Rocard late Thursday recommended lifting the ban on supplying arms to Bosnian Moslems as the only way to bring the Bosnian Serbs to their senses.  Rocard told a campaign rally for next month's European parliamentary elections that lifting the ban on weapons sales was "from now on, given the attitude of the Serbs, the only way to attain a political settlement, which will prove elusive for as long as the aggressors think they have more to gain through force of arms." 
Cambodia is to unveil its first ever entry in competition in the Cannes film festival Friday, a tale of peaceful rural life in a country more often associated with the horrors of war.  "Rice People," as well as being Cambodia's first entry to compete in 47 years of festivals here, is also a first feature by Rithy Panh, who will be competing therefore for the Golden Camera for debutant filmmakers. 
The House of Representatives voted Thursday to give an ultimatum to Western Europe to pay a larger share of US defense costs on the continent or face further reduction of US troops.  The measure was approved 268-144, in defiance of the White House, as an amendment to a proposed 262.7 billion dollar defense spending bill, which remained subject to debate. 
Dutch center Rik Smits scored 27 points as Indiana eliminated top seed Atlanta from the National Basketball Association playoffs with a 98-79 victory here Thursday.  The Pacers captured the NBA best-of-seven quarterfinal series four games to two and advanced to a semi-final against either New York or three-time defending champion Chicago. The Knicks lead Chicago 3-2. 
Tension is rising in Turkey on the eve of the annual Moslem Sacrifice feast as Islamic activists prepare to challenge an official claim to the valuable hides of millions of sheep about to be slaughtered.  The semi-official Turkish Aeronautical Society (THK) has sole rights to collect and market the hides -- a monopoly which the Islamic fundamentalists are doing their best to end. 
Texas-based Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) said Friday it had purchased New Zealand's Databank Systems from its four bank owners for an undisclosed sum.  Analysts' estimates of Databank's value ranged up to 100 million New Zealand dollars (57 million US dollars). 
Cautious optimism Friday greeted London's offer to give Northern Ireland a referendum if the question of a united Ireland arose as part of a peace process.  The pledge came in a detailed reply to 20 questions from Sinn Fein, the legal political wing of the banned Irish Republican Army (IRA), which had demanded clarification of last December's Anglo-Irish declaration for peace in Northern Ireland. 
A South African who led a white supremacist organisation in his homeland will be allowed to stay in New Zealand as no legal grounds existed to revoke his residence permit, Immigration Minister Roger Maxwell said Friday.  Jan Smith was the head of the South African chapter of the Church of the Creator and has written that the heritage of the white race is "threatened by our deadly race enemies -- Jews, kaffirs and the mud races." 
Jurassic Park star Sam Neil has filed a complaint with New Zealand's privacy commissioner after aerial photos of his exclusive alpine home appeared in a newspaper, the New Zealand Herald reported Friday.  Northern Ireland-born Neil, who grew up here, has built a housing complex around a lake near Queenstown on the South Island. 
Nearly one million foreign Moslems have arrived in recent weeks in Saudi Arabia on the pilgrimage to Mecca, the head of the country's passport control service told SPA news agency.  General Fahd ben Mohammed Sharif said 955,611 pilgrims had arrived from abroad, the overwhelming majority by air. 
A proposed southern hemisphere international tournament "has a long way to go to become reality," acting New Zealand Rugby Football Union (NZRFU) chairman Rob Fisher said here Friday.  The competition has been proposed by South Africa and Argentina, but has grudging support only from Australia. 
Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito and Princess Masako will visit several Middle Eastern countries from late October through early November, the Sankei newspaper reported Friday.  The daily said the imperial couple would choose to visit three or four countries from among Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar and Bahrain. 
Rik Smits did not bother to hang around for the party he started.  The 2.1-meter (7-foot) Dutch center scored 27 points here Thursday, leading Indiana past Atlanta 98-79 to eliminate the top seed Hawks from the National Basketball Association playoffs. 
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl criticised the courts in an interview published Friday for failing to use the full force of the law against people guilty of criminal violence.  But he refused to lay the blame solely on extreme right supporters adding that "all form of extremism is shameful for our country." 
A homemade bomb exploded outside the site of the 1994 Miss Universe beauty pageant in the Philippine capital late Thursday, but the blast caused little damage and no injuries, police said.  The explosion destroyed a concrete garbage box outside the Philippine International Convention Center (PICC), where the pageant will be held early Saturday, police investigators on the scene said. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis has died.  dkb 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis died Thursday of cancer, according to a statement from a family friend Nancy Tuckerman.  The former first lady died at her home in New York after losing a battle with non-Hogkin's lymphoma. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis died Thursday of cancer at 10:15 p.m. (0215 GMT), according to a statement from a family friend Nancy Tuckerman.  The former first lady died at her home in New York after losing a battle with non-Hogkin's lymphoma. She was 64 years old. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who fought to live a normal life despite being the widow of a glamorous president and Greek shipping magnate, died Thursday of cancer at 10:15 p.m. (0215 GMT), according to a statement from a family friend Nancy Tuckerman.  Her daughter Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg and son John F. Kennedy, Jr., were with her when she died, along with a longtime friend Maurice Tempelsman. 
The Palestinian Fatah movement - the main component of the PLO - has swapped its revolutionary rhetoric for words more suited to climate of peace.  Two weeks after the Cairo accords on Palestinian autonomy in the Gaza Strip and Jericho, the traditional references to "struggle in all its forms" were replaced Thursday by an appeal for "effort and perseverence in the building of the homeland". 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who struggled to live a normal life despite being the widow of a glamorous president and of a Greek shipping magnate, died Thursday surrounded by family and friends, according to a statement from a family friend Nancy Tuckerman. She was 64 years old.  The former first lady died at her Fifth Avenue apartment, in Manhattan, at 10:15 p.m. (0215 GMT) after losing a battle with non- Hodgkin's lymphoma. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who died here late Thursday aged 64, became an intensely private celebrity after her years in the limelight as wife and widow of assassinated US president John Kennedy.  She refused to give interviews for 30 years following Kennedy's assassination in Texas, in 1963, and her subsequent marriage and second widowhood with Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis. 
The key dates in the life of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis who died in New York late Thursday, aged 64.  July 28, 1929: Jacqueline Lee Bouvier born in the resort community of Southampton, New York -- daughter of John Vernous Bouvier and Janet Lee Bouvier. 
Khmer Rouge nominal leader Khieu Samphan has agreed to attend peace talks with the Cambodian government in Pyongyang later this month, an official statement from the rebel group said Friday.  Co-premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen had agreed Wednesday to go to Pyongyang on May 27 for peace talks with the Khmer Rouge, dropping preconditions for a ceasefire, after an appeal by King Norodom Sihanouk. 
The cancer that took Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis' life late Thursday in New York is one of the fastest-growing malignancies in the United States, although the cause for its rise is unclear.  Non-Hogkin's lymphoma, which is in fact a term used for a variety of lymph node malignancies, is also among the most curable forms of cancer, according to medical experts. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who struggled to live a normal life despite being the widow of a glamorous president and of a Greek shipping magnate, died Thursday surrounded by family and friends, according to a statement from a family friend Nancy Tuckerman. She was 64 years old.  The former first lady died at her Fifth Avenue apartment, in Manhattan, at 10:15 p.m. (0215 GMT) after losing a battle with non- Hodgkin's lymphoma. 
Cambodia's Khmer Rouge guerrillas Friday dismissed suggestions they were continuing to receive outside military aid, saying the tanks they use were captured from Phnom Penh government forces.  In a broadcast monitored in Bangkok, Khmer Rouge radio rejected allegations earlier this month by Co-Premier Prince Norodom Ranariddh that the Khmer Rouge were using tanks supplied from abroad. 
Japan's Toyota Motor Corp. and Honda Co. Ltd. are considering separate plans to develop and manufacture small low-priced cars in Southeast Asia for the local market, company officials said Friday.  But the officials refused to confirm a report that Honda was planning to to launch production of the new "Asia Car" in Thailand and Indonesia by 1996 followed by a similar move by Toyota in Thailand from 1998. 
Former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who died of cancer late Thursday aged 64, "was a model of courage and dignity," President Bill Clinton said in a statement early Friday.  "More than any other woman of her time, she captivated our nation and the world with her intelligence, elegance and grace," the statement added. 
Khmer Rouge nominal leader Khieu Samphan has agreed to attend peace talks with the Cambodian government in Pyongyang later this month, an official statement from the rebel group said Friday.  "I would like to tell his majesty the king that I am very happy to participate in the round table peace talks for national reconciliation and peace in Cambodia that begin on May 27," Khieu Samphan said in the statement. 
Japan's top shipping company Nippon Yusen KK (NYK) said Friday its pre-tax profit tumbled 56.2 percent from a year earlier to 6.03 billion yen (59 million dollars) in the year to March. 
An official newspaper warned Thursday that China's present efforts to bring prices under control in fact risked cutting economic growth while having little impact on high inflation.  The warning came as the State Statistical Bureau (SSB) said double- digit inflation had eased slightly in April, with consumer prices rising 21.7 percent on the same month last year, but down from 22.3 percent in first quarter 1994. 
A subsidiary of US firm Vaalco Energy Inc. said Friday it will raise production by at least 71 percent at its offshore West Linapacan field in the Philippines following successful sidetrack drilling.  "We should be able to produce between 6,000 and 6,500 barrels per day (bpd)," Alcorn (Production) Philippines Inc. official Ponciano Mathay told AFP. 
Former British foreign secretary Lord Howe called Friday on China and all concerned with Hong Kong's future to exercise restraint in the run-up to the territory's 1997 handover to China, radio reports said.  Howe, who arrived here Wednesday for a three-day private visit, told government-run Radio Television Hong Kong (RTHK) that "it is very important for China to exercise restraint, to cherish Hong Kong as it has developed, and as it is developing." 
New Zealand's unarmed police force is to give up the traditional bobby's helmet for Australian-style wide-brimmed akubra hats,  Police Commissioner Richard Macdonald said Friday.  The bobby's helmet has been worn by police here since 1913 but was increasingly unpopular with New Zealand police as it did not protect the wear from the sun. 
Russia failed to send delegates to a bilateral economic meeting here this week, forcing South Korea to cancel the talks which were to have focussed on the agenda of next month's Seoul-Moscow summit, officials said Friday.  Instead, Russia suggested an unofficial meeting in Moscow a day before South Korean President Kim Young-Sam's state visit, scheduled to start June 1, foreign ministry officials here said. 
Japan's Mitsui OSK Lines Ltd. said Friday its pre-tax profit tumbled 79 percent from a year earlier to 1.6 billion yen (15 million dollars) in the year to March, forecasting a modest recovery for this year.  The company, one of Japan's largest shipping lines, also announced a net loss of 2.5 billion yen, reversing a net profit of 5.2 billion yen a year earlier. Revenue was down 9.1 percent at 441 billion yen. 
Japan's biggest condom maker Okamoto Industries Inc. said Friday its pre-tax earnings dropped 13.1 percent from a year earlier to 3.5 billion yen (34 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company said sales declined 15.4 percent to 72.5 billion yen in the same period, depressed by lower revenue from virtually all sectors, especially its tyre business and its clothing and footwear activities. 
Australian media magnate Kerry Packer amassed 2.5 billion Australian dollars (1.8 billion US) in 1993, according to a report Friday on the country's 200 wealthiest people.  Packer's personal nest egg increased to 5.5 billion dollars, easily making him Australia's richest individual and putting him on a par with the wealth of media king Rupert Murdoch's family, the Business Review Weekly said. 
Former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who died of cancer late Thursday aged 64, "was a model of courage and dignity," President Bill Clinton said in a statement early Friday.  "More than any other woman of her time, she captivated our nation and the world with her intelligence, elegance and grace," the statement added. 
North Korea has begun removing fuel rods from its Yongbyon reactor in a "serious violation" of International Atomic Energy Agency inspection terms that will be reported to the UN Security Council, the IAEA said late Thursday.  The removal of the rods, if not halted immediately, could wreck the IAEA's attempts to see if fuel had already been taken from the reactor, the IAEA said in a strong statement. 
North Korea has begun extracting fuel rods from its Yongbyon reactor in a "serious violation" of International Atomic Energy Agency inspection terms that will be reported to the UN Security Council, the IAEA said late Thursday.  The removal of the rods, if not halted immediately, could wreck the IAEA's attempts to see if fuel had already been taken from the reactor, the IAEA said in a strong statement. 
Former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who died of cancer late Thursday in New York, was remembered for her courage and grace following the death of her husband, former President John F. Kennedy.  She died of cancer at age 64 at her Fifth Avenue apartment, surrounded by her children and friends, a day after doctors agreed they could do nothing more for her. 
Twenty Tuareg rebels have been killed and six injured in two separate clashes with government patrols after a two-month lull in rebel attacks, officials say.  Interior Minister Ousmane Oumarou told AFP Thursday that 15 of them were killed and five detained after a shootout with troops Monday between Assode and Timia, in the Iferouane region. 
Japan's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings tumbled 21 percent from a year earlier to 128 billion yen (1.24 billion dollars) in the year to March.  The world's biggest consumer electronics concern said worldwide sales dropped six percent to 6,624 billion yen in the same period. 
Thirty-three Thai and three Malaysian fishermen have been taken hostage by pirates in Vietnam who have threatened to blow up their boat if ransom demands are not met, a newspaper reported Friday.  The Utusan Malaysia, a national Malay daily, said in a front-page report that the pirates held the fishermen on May 5 when they were fishing in Malaysian waters and demanded a ransom of 110,000 ringgit (44,000 dollars). 
South Korea warned Friday it would consider asking the UN Security Council to take action if North Korea refused to suspend the replacement of fuel rods at its controversial nuclear reactor.  The decision came at a security coordination meeting here in which cabinet members determined that North Korea's removal of spent fuel from the five-megawatt reactor at its Yongbyon nuclear complex was a serious violation of nuclear safeguards. 
Japanese textile giant Toray Industries Inc. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings plunged 38 percent from a year earlier to 33.8 billion yen (328 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company said global sales fell 8.9 percent to 884 billion yen, depressed by lower sales of mainstay products such as fibres, textiles, plastics and chemicals which offset higher sales of pharmaceuticals and other new products. 
Naga militants killed six members of the rival Kuki tribe in Assam and five people died in violence elsewhere in the remote state in India's far northeast, the Press Trust of India (PTI) said Friday.  The news agency said that militants from the outlawed National Socialist Council of Nagaland (NSCN) stormed a Kuki village in Assam's Chachar hills on Thursday, setting it ablaze and killing six villagers. 
Japan is to donate 3.82 billion yen (36.7 million dollars) to China to build an environmental protection centre in Beijing, the China Daily reported Friday.  The donation, part of a 10.26 billion yen package agreed in 1988, was signed Thursday, the newspaper said, adding the funds would finance the construction and the purchase of equipment for a Sino-Japanese Friendship Environmental Protection Centre. 
Japan's top shipping company, Nippon Yusen KK (NYK), said Friday its pre-tax profit tumbled 56.2 percent from a year earlier to 6.03 billion yen (59 million dollars) in the year to March.  The shipping affiliate of the Mitsubishi group said revenue dropped 7.7 percent to 531 billion yen in the same period, depressed by reduced revenue from its liner and tramp operations. 
Vietnam plans to treble its output of refined sugar to one million tonnes a year by 2000 to meet rising demand from the food processing industry, a report said Friday.  Two sugar mills are to be renovated at a cost of 14 million dollars, while two more will be built with combined capacity to process 5,500 tonnes of sugarcane a day, the Vietnam News Agency reported. 
Japan's trade surplus grew 8.1 percent from a year earlier to 11.1 billion dollars in April, the finance ministry said Friday. 
Japan's Honda Motor Co. Ltd. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings tumbled 47 percent from a year earlier to 46.9 billion yen (455 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company said its worldwide sales dropped seven percent to 3,860 billion yen in the same period. 
Japan's trade surplus grew 8.1 percent from a year earlier to 11.1 billion dollars in April but was down from 13.95 billion dollars in March, the finance ministry said Friday.  The ministry said exports grew 7.1 percent to 32.9 billion dollars while imports were up 6.6 percent at 21.8 billion dollars. 
The rand continued to be battered by the dollar here Friday, opening at 3.6735/45 to the greenback from its previous close of 3.6700/15.  Dealers said the local currency was undervalued against the dollar and on the crosses, but this situation would remain until the new government provided clarity on economic policy. 
New Zealand next week will produce genetic testing information that scientists here say will prove Japan is selling meat from protected species of whale.  The evidence will be produced at the International Whaling Commission's (IWC) annual meeting in Mexico next week. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Petrochemical Co. Ltd. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 8.4 billion yen (82 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 8.3 billion yen a year earlier.  The company said sales declined 12 percent to 327 billion yen. 
Britain and China failed yet again Friday to agree on the financing of Hong Kong's mammoth new airport, although both sides claimed they were making some headway.  "The fact is, there are still questions in the Chinese minds," the chief British negotiator, Hugh Davies, told reporters after the first meeting of the Joint Liaison Group airport committee in nine months. 
Japan's Pioneer Electronic Corp. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings plunged two-thirds from a year earlier to 9.5 billion yen (92 million dollars) in the year to March.  The country's top manufacturer of audio products said worldwide sales were down 14 percent at 510 billion yen. 
The sudden resignation of the US ambassador in Tel Aviv is a "blow to the peace process," Israel's Deputy Foreign Minister Yossi Beilin said Friday.  The comments came after an announcement that Edward Djerejian, 55, was taking up a post as director of the public policy institute at Rice University in Houston, Texas. 
Japanese shipping company Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 588 million yen (5.7 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 1.2 billion yen a year earlier.  The country's third-biggest shipping company, also known as K-Line, said revenue declined 10 percent to 336 billion yen in the same period, depressed by lower revenue from all sectors. 
Chinese movie-maker Yin Li confirmed Friday he had been blocked from travelling to the Cannes Film Festival by the Chinese authorities, in a protest at the screening of "To Live," a film by a fellow director that had not received Beijing's official approval.  Yin, speaking by telephone, said he had been advised of the decision on Thursday, three days ahead of the screening of his own film, "The History of Xinghua," in the French Mediterranean resort. 
North Korea has begun extracting fuel rods from its Yongbyon reactor in a "serious violation" of International Atomic Energy Agency inspection terms that will be reported to the UN Security Council, the agency said late Thursday.  The removal of the rods, if not halted immediately, could wreck the IAEA's efforts to see if fuel had already been taken from the reactor, the world's nuclear watchdog said in a strong statement. 
Japan's biggest chemical maker, Mitsubishi Kasei Corp., said Friday its pre-tax earnings plunged 76 percent from a year earlier to 2.2 billion yen (21 million dollars) in the year to March.  Sales dropped two percent to 687 billion yen in the same period. 
The leader of Malawi's Alliance for Democracy (AFORD), Chakufwa Chihana, has described the election defeat of President Hastings Kamuzu Banda by a rival candidate as a victory for the whole country.  Chihana, who came third in the presidential race in which Banda was ousted by Bakili Muluzi of the United Democratic Front (UDF), said:"The victory here is the victory for the whole nation. 
Fundamentalist gunmen shot dead two Israeli soldiers at a petrol station on the edge of the Gaza Strip on Friday, the Islamic Jihad claimed.  The group said it carried out a "heroic" operation near the Erez border crossing before dawn. 
Khmer Rouge nominal leader Khieu Samphan has agreed to attend peace talks with the Cambodian government in Pyongyang later this month, an official statement from the rebel group said Friday.  "I would like to tell his majesty the king that I am very happy to participate in the Round Table peace talks for national reconciliation and peace in Cambodia that begin on May 27," Khieu Samphan said in a statement released by the royal palace. 
Fundamentalist gunmen shot dead two Israeli soldiers at a petrol station on the edge of the Gaza Strip on Friday, the Islamic Jihad claimed.  The group said in a statement sent to news agencies that it carried out a "heroic" operation near the Erez border crossing before dawn. 
Debate in the Thai parliament turned ugly this week as government and opposition MPs traded insults over allegations that senior politicians were involved in drug trafficking.  Tempers flared and at one point a government MP, angered by what he said were insults to his family, followed an opposition member outside where he shoved him in the back, local media reported. 
Angered by a sharp rise in anti-government street protests and alarmed by a new boldness shown by pro-North Korea radicals, the South Korean government is warning it may crack down on leftists.  The warning came Thursday after demonstrators earlier in the week sang a North-South Korea reunification song and shouted anti-American slogans at mass demonstrations in South Korea's southwestern city of Kwangju. 
A powerful bomb badly damaged a Christian school here early Friday, without causing any casualties, police said.  The explosion wrecked the dining room and blew out windows at the evangelical protestant school, formerly known as the American School. 
Germany's eighth largest bank, Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale (BLG), was granted a licence to operate here as part of its move to widen services to Asia-Pacific, a government spokesman said Friday.  The bank, which ranks 84th in the world in terms of capital, became the sixth foreign bank this year to be granted a licence in Hong Kong, which is to revert to China in 1997. 
Meanwhile, two Israelis driving a garbage truck were wounded when Palestinians fired shots from a passing car near the settlement of Morag, in the south of the Gaza Strip, military officials said.  The attackers fled towards the town of Khan Yunes, which is inside the autonomous Palestinian zone, the officials said. 
Japan's Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries Co. Ltd. (IHI) said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings dived 16 percent from a year earlier to 31.5 billion yen (306 million dollars) in the year to March.  But the leading shipbuilder and aerospace concern said group sales were higher, climbing almost four percent to some 1.08 trillion yem. 
Former Japanese foreign minister Masayoshi Ito, a veteran member of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), died of pneumonia at his Tokyo home Friday morning, party officials said. He was 80.  The former lower house legislator was seen as a symbol of political reformists at the LDP, which lost the majority in lower house general elections last year following a series of financial scandals. He will also be remembered for pursuing friendship between Japan and China. 
Thai police said Friday they were investigating the cause of a fire at a five-star Bangkok hotel that caused hundreds of guests and employees to flee into the night.  The fire broke out Thursday evening in an office on the third floor of the Ambassador Hotel and was extinguished 30 minutes later, a police official said. 
Five patients may have become infected with the hepatitis-C virus by general anaesthetic during surgery at a hospital here, health authorities said Friday.  A preliminary health department report said it was believed to be the first instance of patient-to-patient transmission of hepatitis-C via anaesthetic in the western world. 
Palestinian fundamentalists shot dead two Israeli soldiers at a petrol station on the edge of the Gaza Strip on Friday, the Islamic Jihad claimed.  In Jerusalem, the army would make no immediate comment on the Islamic Jihad claim sent in a statement to news agencies. 
South Africa's controversial National Peace-keeping Force (NPKF), formed in February to replace police in black townships, is to be disbanded, spokesman said Friday.  Defence ministry spokesman Charl de Klerk said the decision to end the NPKF was taken Thursday at a meeting of the country's defence chiefs. 
Japan's Ricoh Co. Ltd said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings jumped 51 percent from a year earlier to 25.6 billion yen (249 million dollars) in the year to March.  But the leading manufacturer of office equipment said worldwide sales declined five percent to 968 billion yen in the same period, attributing the sharply higher profit to improved margins. 
The Tokyo High Court awarded 11.5 million yen (110,000 dollars) Friday in compensation to the parents of a 13-year-old boy who committed suicide eight years ago, saying schoolyard bullying was the cause.  The high court increased the amount of compensation from four million yen that the Tokyo metropolitan government, Nakano ward office, and parents of two classmates who allegedly bullied the boy, were ordered to pay in the earlier ruling. 
Japanese cameramaker Nikon Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax profit of 1.1 billion yen (11 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a loss of 2.3 billion yen a year earlier.  But the company said sales fell 1.9 percent to 201 billion yen in the same period, with lower sales of cameras and other products offsetting sharply higher sales of electronic equipment such as semiconductors. 
Japan's biggest chemical maker Mitsubishi Kasei Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 8.4 billion yen (82 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 8.3 billion yen a year earlier.  The company said sales declined 12 percent to 327 billion yen. 
Japanese audiomaker Kenwood Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 1.2 billion yen (12 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 4.03 billion yen a year earlier.  The company, which relies on exports for two-thirds of its revenue, said sales fell six percent to 197 billion yen in the same period. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin is Israel's most popular political leader, according to an opinion poll published Friday.  The premier and Labour Party leader won 36 percent support in the survey carried out for the Yediot Aharanot newspaper. 
The Chinese government is moving to restore order in the country's chaotic mining sector, plagued by a series of horrific accidents, illegal operators and an almost total lack of regulatory control.  According to the Guangming Daily, the main problem facing the central authorities is the surge in the number of small township coal mines which number about 120,000 and account for more than 40 percent of total coal output. 
Japanese audiomaker Kenwood Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 1.2 billion yen (12 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 4.03 billion yen a year earlier.  The company, which relies on exports for two-thirds of its revenue, said sales fell six percent to 197 billion yen in the same period. 
The leader of a dissident Vietnamese Buddhist church has appealed for his followers to step up their fight against what he termed Hanoi's repression of religion, according to a statement seen here Friday.  In a message to mark Buddha's birthday, the Venerable Thich Huyen Quang called on his followers to multiply "their efforts in the struggle for religious freedom and human rights," said a statement from the Paris-based International Buddhist Information Bureau. 
The Crimean parliament voted Friday to re-establish a 1992 constitution which provides for treaty relations between the Crimean republic and Ukraine, thus giving Crimea independent status.  It is now an autonomous republic within Ukraine. 
The Philippines' should have its own satellite by the end of 1996 under an agreement reached between the government and a consortium that will own it, officials said Friday.  Communications Undersecretary Josefina Lichauco said Manila set December 1996 for the launch of the "Agila" (Eagle) satellite in its application for an orbital slot filed with the Geneva-based International Telecommunications Union (ITU) last Monday. 
The Crimean parliament voted Friday to give the autonomous republic effective independence from Ukraine.  The legislature voted to re-establish a 1992 constitution which provided for treaty relations between Crimea and Ukraine. 
The PLO's top negotiator Nabil Shaath admitted Friday he had brought money to the Gaza Strip to keep the new Palestinian police force afloat.  "I came today to bring money for police, so they can carry out their duties," he told reporters after slipping unannounced into Gaza overnight. 
Singapore Airlines (SIA) should post a marginal to modest growth in earnings in the current fiscal year following a six percent drop in net profit last year, industry analysts said Friday.  Keen competition, depreciation costs and high operating expenses would eat into earnings of one of the world's most profitable airlines, they said. 
Australia's embattled opposition leader John Hewson threw down the gauntlet to his party critics Friday, announcing a ballot for his own job -- for which he said he expects to be the favourite.  Ending days of frenzied speculation about his future, he told a media conference here he had called a special party meeting for 2:30 p.m. (0430 GMT) Monday, and had declared all leadership positions vacant. 
Hong Kong's banks raised their prime lending rate Friday by 0.5 percentage points to 6.75 percent, in step with Tuesday's rise in US Federal Reserve rates. 
Gunfire echoed overnight around Lesotho's capital as a crisis sparked by a strike by policemen in this tiny southern African kingdom entered its 12th day Friday.  The British High Commission (embassy) has advised people to exercise "extreme caution" in moving around Maseru. 
The Crimean parliament voted Friday to give the autonomous republic effective independence from Ukraine.  The legislature voted to re-establish a 1992 constitution which provided for treaty relations between Crimea and Ukraine. 
The Philippines' longest fiesta comes to a climax Saturday with the coronation of Miss Universe 1994, ending national hysteria over 77 contestants vying for the world's most coveted beauty title.  Countless bets have been placed by gambling-crazy Filipinos, with several odds-on favorites clearly ahead nearly a month after the aspirants invaded this tropical archipelago, which hosted the same pageant 20 years ago. 
Washington and Seoul have opened a military hotline for emergencies related to the running row over North Korea's nuclear ambition, military officials here said Friday.  The hotline was first used Friday by US Secretary of Defense William Perry and his South Korean counterpart, Lee Byong-Tae, "for talks on maintaining close military cooperation between the two allies," a defense ministry spokesman said. 
President Fidel Ramos said Friday that foreign participants of a planned human rights conference on East Timor, opening in Manila later this month, would be banned from entering the Philippines.  Their presence at the privately organized May 31-June 3 meeting would be "inimical to the national interest," a presidental palace statement said. 
Palestinian Moslem fundamentalists shot dead two Israeli soldiers on reserve duty by a petrol station on the edge of the Gaza Strip on Friday, military officials said.  The gunmen fled into the autonomous Palestinian zone of Gaza and the army had not given hot pursuit, the officials said. 
Hong Kong's banks Friday raised interest rates by 0.5 of a percentage point on overnight and savings deposits and rates on term deposits by 0.75 of a percentage point.  The Hong Kong Association of Banks at its weekly meeting made no decision about lifting the prime rate, which stands at 6.75 percent. 
Representatives of more than 18 countries will meet here next week for three days of preparatory work for the Asian Regional Forum to be held as part of the annual ASEAN foreign ministers' meeting in July.  North Korea's nuclear program and the overlapping claims on the Spratly Islands will be topics of discussion, a foreign ministry official said. 
British banking credits rose by 500 million pounds sterling (750 million dollars) in April, the Bank of England said Friday, announcing provisional, seasonally-corrected figures.  Analysts had forecast a rise of around two billion dollars. 
Japan's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings tumbled 21 percent from a year earlier to 128 billion yen (1.24 billion dollars) in the year to March.  The world's biggest consumer electronics concern --  better known by its National, Panasonic and Technics brand names -- said worldwide sales dropped six percent to 6,624 billion yen in the same period. 
Poachers have reduced the rhinoceros population of India's Manas National Park in the northeastern state of Assam to just four from 100 seven years ago, forest department officials said Friday.  Tigers, elephants and other animals have also been targeted by poachers in the park along India's border with Bhutan, the officials told the Press Trust of India. 
Japan's index of mining and manufacturing rose 4.6 percent in March from the preceding month while that of shipments gained 4.8 percent, according to a revised government report Friday.  The index of inventories declined 1.1 percent month-to-month but it "still remained at a high level despite moves of inventory adjustment," the ministry of international trade and industry said. 
Malaysia's Berjaya Group said Friday it was buying a 20 percent stake in US-based Satellite Technology Management (STM), with which it had jointly set up a firm in Hong Kong to develop telecommunication services for the Asia-Pacific.  The acquisition in STM will be made in three stages through Berjaya's wholly-owned subsidiary Berjaya Group (Cayman) Ltd, Berjaya said in an announcement to the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange. 
A powerful explosion badly damaged a Christian school in the southern Lebanese port city of Sidon early Friday, without causing any casualties, officials said.  Police said the blast was caused by a bomb, but a government prosecutor who visited the scene, Khaled Hammud, said no trace of explosives had been found and it was probably caused by a gas leak. 
The Malaysian embassy in Cambodia was slightly damaged when a grenade was thrown into the compound and exploded outside the building, embassy staff confirmed Friday.  Unidentified assailants threw a grenade into the embassy grounds early Thursday, slightly damaging the chancery building, but without causing any casualties, the staff said. 
South Africa's new 90-member Senate met for the first time here Friday and elected as its president the National Party's former justice and defense minister, Kobie Coetsee, 63.  Coetsee ran unopposed. After they were sworn in, the senators -- 10 from each of the country's nine new provinces -- elected African National Congress (ANC) stalwart Govan Mbeki as deputy president of the upper house. 
China said Friday it was making great efforts to improve protection for intellectual property rights by strengthening supervision and drawing up laws to ensure punishment of violators.  "China attaches great importance to intellectual property protection work and is improving the legislation in this regard," Justice Minister Xiao Yang told an international symposium here, saying such moves were vital to "ensure the normal operation of the socialist market economy." 
A fire which ravaged a Red Sea ferry off the Egyptian coast left seven people dead and 14 missing, rescue services said Friday.  Two more bodies were fished out of the sea overnight as the search went on for survivors from Thursday's fire, which swept through the Qamar al-Saudi as it carried 589 people from Jeddah in Saudi Arabia to Egypt's port of Suez. 
The Black Sea fleet, shared between the Ukraine and Russia, threatened Friday to intervene in Crimea after the region's parliament adopted a new constitution effectively declaring independence from Kiev.  "It is clear that whatever the development of the situation, the Black Sea fleet cannot remain outside events unfolding around it," the fleet's press office said in a statement. 
Fighting kept up through the night into early Friday in the Rwandan capital Kigali, much of it around the airport where the United Nations has stopped flying in any planes, a UN spokesman said.  The sporadic artillery and mortar exchanges between government troops and the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) were less intense than on Thursday, which saw the heaviest fighting in Kigali in 10 days, said Abdul Kabia, spokesman for the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR). 
The Crimean parliament, defying Kiev, voted overwhelmingly Friday to adopt a constitution amounting to a declaration of independence from the Ukraine by the autonomous republic.  The legislature voted massively in favour of re-establishing a 1992 constitution which provided for treaty relations between Crimea and Ukraine. 
Japan's trade surplus grew 8.1 percent from a year earlier to 11.1 billion dollars in April but was down from 13.95 billion dollars in March, the finance ministry said Friday.  The larger imbalance reflected bigger surpluses with both Asia and the United States which were offset by a smaller surplus with Europe. 
Palestinian Moslem fundamentalists killed two Israeli sergeants on reserve duty in bursts of gunfire at an army post on the edge of the Gaza Strip before dawn Friday, military officials said.  They were the first Jewish soldiers killed since Israel and the PLO signed an accord on May 4 to launch autonomy. 
Pakistan's opposition Friday accused the government of entering into a secret deal with the United States to open the country's nuclear facilities to inspection.  The opposition attack came after Foreign Minister Assef Ahmed Ali said Wednesday that Islamabad was ready to consider proposals from the United States on "non-intrusive" means to verify that Pakistan was not producing nuclear weapons. 
A court granted bail Friday to 32 members of a white extremist movement accused of being behind a bombing spree that killed 21 people ahead of South Africa's first all-race election.  The state had strongly opposed the granting of bail during the four- day hearing on the grounds that the Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) men could attempt to flee. 
Egyptian-born film actor Omar Sharif, 62, was taken to hospital here after suffering heart failure but was not in a serious condition, hospital officials said on Friday.  Sharif fell ill in his hotel room at the end of a bridge tournament in Juan-Les-Pins on the French Riviera on Thursday. He is a leading player on the international bridge circuit. 
The Crimean parliament voted Friday to reinstate a 1992 constitution in a move that amounted to a declaration of independence from Ukraine.  The command of the disputed Black Sea Fleet, which is based in the Crimean port of Sevastopol, responded immediately by warning that it "would not remain on the sidelines of the process that is developing" and called on both sides to seek a political settlement. 
Gulf Air operations grew by an average 15 percent annually in the past three years and a further six percent is projected in the next five years, its chairman was quoted Friday as saying.  Salim al-Siyyabi made the comments to United Arab Emirates (UAE) reporters aboard a new Airbus A-340, which Gulf Air has just received as the first of six long-range A-340s it ordered last year. Another six Airbus A-320 will be delivered in the next few years, raising its airbus fleet to 24. 
Australia's embattled opposition leader John Hewson announced a ballot for his job Friday, throwing down a gauntlet that was immediately picked up by two of his foremost challengers.  Ending days of frenzied speculation about his future, he told a media conference here he had called a special party meeting for 2:30 p.m. (0430 GMT) Monday, and had declared all leadership positions vacant. 
King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Syria on Friday for talks with President Hafez al-Assad in the wake of US Secretary of State Warren Christopher's latest peace mission.  Assad will brief the king on his talks with Christopher on Wednesday and they were also to discuss the Yemeni civil war, officials said. 
The head of Sinn Fein, the IRA's political wing, Friday welcomed London's reply to the organisation's queries on the Anglo-Irish peace declaration as a "positive signal" but said it would not bring a quick stop to IRA's anti-British campaign.  "It would be very begrudging indeed not to recognize the fact that each of our 20 questions have been addressed by the government and that in itself is a positive signal," Mitchel McLaughlin said in a radio interview. 
The United States has refused a visa to Thai opposition MP Mongkol Chongsuthamanee because of suspicion he was involved in drug trafficking, the US Embassy said Friday.  A US Embassy statement noted that, while Mongkol had never been charged in Thailand or the United States, US law did not require a visa applicant to have been charged or convicted of a narcotics offense to be ineligible for a visa. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who charmed America with her courage, poise and elegance as the widow of president John Kennedy, died from cancer surrounded by her children and friends. She was 64.  The former first lady passed away at her Fifth Avenue apartment, in Manhattan, at 10:15 p.m. (0215 GMT) Thursday after losing a battle with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. 
The latest clashes between government patrols and Tuareg guerrillas, which left 20 dead, pose no threat to peace talks to be held in Paris next month, Niger's Interior Minister Ousmane Oumarou said Friday.  Oumarou told AFP that the meeting planned for June 15 between the two sides would not be called off because of Monday's two "skirmishes" between the rebels and government forces, in which 20 Tuaregs died and six were wounded. 
The dollar remained stable against most European currencies early on Friday except against the French franc which rose on Thursday's cut in French interest rates which was seen as being good for the French economy.  But the drachma was under severe pressure in Athens where it fell to 152 to the mark from 149.9 even though the overnight rate had risen to 250 percent. 
South Africa's new 90-member Senate, which will assist in writing the final constitution, met for the first time Friday, electing as its president the National Party's former justice and defense minister, Kobie Coetsee.  Coetsee ran unopposed and after they were sworn in, the senators -- 10 from each of the country's nine new provinces -- elected African National Congress stalwart Govan Mbeki as deputy president of the upper house. 
The drachma came under strong selling pressure here on Friday and fell to 152 to the mark from 149.9 at the close on Thursday.  The interbank interest rate rose to record high points. 
The Vietnamese government Friday probed a Kuala Lumpur report that 33 Thai and three Malaysian fishermen were taken hostage by pirates in Vietnam who have threatened to blow up their boat if a ransom was not paid.  "Our authorities in Hanoi are investigating the matter but we cannot say they are Vietnamese pirates because we don't know at which point the fishermen were allegedly detained," Bui Van Khao, a Vietnamese embassy spokesman said. 
The cancellation of a visit by Japanese Emperor Akihito to Pearl Harbour during his US visit next month, has caused a storm in Japan, amid claims that the move is an embarrassing diplomatic blunder.  Although the cancellaton has not been offically confirmed, the Japanese press reported the change of plan Thursday leading to a number of critics calling into question the wisdom of the planned visit by the emperor, who is still the nation's symbol. 
Tanzania on Friday denied knowledge of Mozambican government troops allegedly being trained secretly on its territory as claimed by the Mozambique National Resistance (RENAMO).  "We are not involved and would never be involved with such a thing," a Tanzanian embassy spokesman in Maputo said. 
German lawmakers pick a successor Monday to President Richard von Weizsaecker, with Chancellor Helmut Kohl hoping the expected success of his party's candidate will boost its prospects in upcoming legislative polls.  The favourite to succeed the aristocratic but quietly popular Weizsaecker in a special election Monday is Roman Herzog, a dyed-in- the-wool conservative expert in jurisprudence who currently heads the constitutional court. 
Hong Kong banks raised their prime lending and deposit rates on Friday, and a leading banker speculated that at least one more increase was in the cards for later this year.  The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp. Ltd., core unit of HSBC Holdings plc and the dominant force in local banking, took the lead by increasing its prime rate by 50 basis points to 7.25 percent. 
A Singapore-style industrial township is taking shape in China's Suzhou city, with the first factory targetted for completion by April next year, Singapore and Chinese officials said here Friday.  Singapore Deputy Prime Minister Brigadier-General Lee Hsien Loong said the 70 square kilometer (28 square miles) integrated township was being developed to attract investors from third countries. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat will end his days as mayor of the sleepy oasis town of Jericho if he makes one more call for a "jihad" to liberate Jerusalem, an Israeli minister warned Friday.  There was an outcry in Israel after state radio on Tuesday broadcast a speech made by Arafat in a Johannesburg mosque when he called on Moslems for a "jihad," or holy war, to free Jerusalem. 
Northern Yemeni forces stepped up the pressure on the Aden power base of Vice President Ali Salem al-Baid on Friday and warned after a first Scud attack that their artillery was now within striking range.  Military spokesmen in Sanaa accused Baid of abandoning Aden to its fate as northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh closed in on the southern port city, but they gave assurances that civilian areas would not be targeted. 
Pressure tightened on Sinn Fein Friday for a response to an Anglo- Irish peace declaration after London provided clarifications that included the promise of a referendum on the future of Northern Ireland.  The pledge of a referendum, if the question of a united Ireland arose during Ulster peace talks, came in a detailed reply to 20 questions from Sinn Fein, the political wing of the outlawed Irish Republican Army (IRA). 
Ireland take on New South Wales here Sunday with four test places to be resolved for the opening international against the world champion Australian Wallabies early next month, Ireland coach Gerry Murphy said Friday.  The Irish will field their strongest line-up against NSW, who Murphy regards as international strength. 
The French government has not taken a decision regarding the eventual partial privatisation of the Renault car manufacturer but favours French investors, French Industry Minister Gerard Longuet said here on Friday.  He said: "No decision has been taken". 
Governor Chris Patten was leaving for London on Friday for his third trip to Britain in five months, with talks on the House of Commons foreign affairs committee's report on Hong Kong high on his agenda.  Patten is also to discuss Amnesty International's demand for an independent human rights commission in the colony -- which reverts to China in 1997 -- when he sees Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd and other officials. 
Share prices were firm here in early trading, supported by firmer gilts and strong gains overnight by US equities and Treasuries, dealers said on Friday.  By mid morning, the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares had risen by 11.7 points to 3,134.5 points for in increase of 0.4 percent. In Paris, the CAC 40 index was 0.11 percent higher at 2,167.69 points after having fallen by 0.07 percent at the opening. 
China directly criticised a US news agency Friday for what it described as a "fabricated" story regarding the possible future trial of the country's most celebrated dissident Wei Jingsheng.  In a statement carried by the official Xinhua news agency, a public security ministry spokesman voiced "indignation" over a United Press International (UPI) report that the ministry had confirmed a government decision "to start the indictment process with Wei Jingsheng." 
Sarajevo marked its 100th day of a ceasefire to the sound of steady gunfire Friday.  UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) spokesman Rob Annink noted that between 100 and 200 violations of the truce were recorded daily. 
Palestinian self-rule will be over unless the PLO prevents murderous attacks, Israeli leaders warned Friday after Islamic gunmen killed two Jewish soldiers in Gaza.  "If the PLO does not bring the situation under control in the Gaza Strip, does not ensure the safety of Israelis who live there and offers refuge to terrorists, it will itself have put an end to the agreement," said Education Minister Amnon Rubinstein. 
A conference to launch rebuilding of Sarajevo's infrastructure and public services called by special UN envoy Yasushi Akashi is to be held here next week, the UN office in the Austrian capital said on Friday.  The two-day gathering, opening on Tuesday, is billed as a conference to coordinate an action plan for the besieged Bosnian capital. The aim is to mobilise widespread support for restoring the battered city. An appeal for funds is to be made immediately after the meeting, with another conference due in New York within a few months to finalise matters. 
Top South Korean officials voiced a note of optimism Friday that North Korea's solo start to the refuelling of a nuclear reactor would not push Pyongyang and Washington to the brink.  Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo, now in Hanoi, was quoted by Korean journalists travelling with him as saying that despite the start, chances of Washington and Pyongyang sitting down together for talks were still "high." 
North Korea was obliged to begin extracting fuel rods from its Yongbyon reactor for safety reasons and because of Washington's refusal to resume talks on the nuclear issue, the North Korean ambassador to China said Friday.  Washington had failed to honour pledges to provide North Korea with a light water reactor and to hold a third round of talks with Pyongyang following their last meeting in Geneva in July, Ambassador Chu Chang- Jun said. 
The Israeli army sealed off the Gaza Strip from Friday until May 29 following the killing of two soldiers, a military spokesman announced Friday.  Chief of staff General Ehud Barak decided the measure, which stops Palestinians but not Israelis from leaving the Strip, with the defence ministry's authorization, the spokesman said. 
FIFA on Friday kickstarted a battle over the allocation of new World Cup places when it endorsed a proposal to increase the finals to 32 teams from 1998.  FIFA general secretary Sepp Blatter, who made the expected announcement that this summer's finals in the United States would be the last with 24 teams, said no decision on allocation of the extra places will be made until after this year's final on July 17. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was expected to breeze through a vote of confidence in the lower house Friday, his final parliamentary hurdle before his government's radical free-market program faces its real test.  Berlusconi was to address the 630 deputies around 1500 GMT for a last- minute grilling by the opposition about his plans for heavily indebted Italy's economic recovery. 
The Honda Motor Co. Ltd. saw consolidated pre-tax earnings fall by 47 percent from the figure in 1992-3 to 46.9 billion yen (455 million dollars) in the year to March, the company said on Friday.  The company said worldwide sales fell by seven percent to 3,863 billion yen in the same period. They were adversely affected by a rise of the yen and a fall in car sales in both Europe and Japan. 
The Bank of Greece intervened massively Friday to support the drachma, which closed at 150.70 to the German mark from 149.9 on Thursday, dealers said.  During trading the drachma had fallen to 154 to the mark. It has lost two percent of its value this week. 
Palestinian self-rule will be over unless the PLO prevents murderous attacks, Israeli leaders warned Friday after Islamic gunmen killed two Jewish soldiers in Gaza.  "If the PLO does not bring the situation under control in the Gaza Strip, does not ensure the safety of Israelis who live there and offers refuge to terrorists, it will itself have put an end to the agreement," said Education Minister Amnon Rubinstein. 
Russian Defence Minister General Pavel Grachev warned Friday of impending violence in Crimea failing talks to restore calm after the local parliament moved towards secession from Ukraine, Interfax reported.  Grachev, speaking after talks with French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe, said the tension in Crimea "could ignite a fire unless the situation was normalised through talks". 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin said Friday he warned his Ukrainian counterpart Leonid Kravchuk to refrain from using force against the secessionnist republic of Crimea, Interfax reported.  "There cannot be in any instance any forceful actions undertaken against Crimea", Yeltsin said he told Kravchuk, adding: "Crimea is an autonomous republic in Ukraine and has the right to its own political stand and the right to make its own decisions". 
Jana Novotna (Czech x6) v. Anna Smashnova (Israel), Shaun Stafford (USA) v. Elena Marakova (Russia), Ann Grossman (USA) v. Veronika Martinek (Germany), Qualifier v. Petra Langrova (Czech), Li Fang (China) v. Helen Kelesi (Canada), Nicole Muns-Jagerman (Neth) v. Alexandra Fusai (France), Helena Brioukhovets (Ukraine) v. Manon Bollegraf (Neth), Marie-Jose Gaidano (Argentina) v. Sabine Hack (Germany x16)  Zina Garrison (USA x14) v. Silke Frankl (Germany), Caroline Kuhlman (USA) v. Merzia Grossi (Italy), Alexia Dechaume (France) v. Emanuela Zardo (Switz), Wiltrud Probst (Germany) v. Carole Lucarelli (France), Pam Shriver (USA) - Marianne Werdel (USA), Qualifier v. Brenda Schultz (Neth), Elna Reinach (S. Africa) v. Ginger Helgeson (USA), Larisa Neiland (Latvia) v. Conchita Martinez (Spain x3) 
French opposition Socialist Party leader Michel Rocard called on Friday for an end to the international arms embargo against Bosnia, apparently averting a threat to the socialists in European elections due on June 12.  Rocard's call was immediately welcomed by French philosopher Bernard- Henri Levy who on Thursday threatened to field a "Sarajevo" list in the polls to ensure that the Bosnian conflict remained on the agenda of the European Union, his supporters said Thursday. 
South African President Nelson Mandela met his land affairs minister Friday to discuss reports that former president Frederik de Klerk handed vast tracts of land to Zulu monarch Goodwill Zwelithini.  Land Affairs Minister Derek Hanekom told the domestic SAPA news agency that the deal would be discussed between Mandela and De Klerk, now Mandela's deputy, on Monday. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin said Friday he warned his Ukrainian counterpart Leonid Kravchuk to refrain from using force against the secessionnist republic of Crimea, Interfax reported.  "There cannot be in any instance any forceful actions undertaken against Crimea", Yeltsin said he told Kravchuk, adding: "Crimea is a sovereign (eds:correct) republic within Ukraine and has the right to its own political stand and the right to make its own decisions". 
Britain paid a last and poignant farewell Friday to John Smith, the popular and silver-tongued Labour leader destined to be prime minister until he died of a heart attack last week at age 55.  Political leaders from Britain and Europe were among the 900 mourners who packed the blue-carpeted, red sandstone Cluny parish church where Smith had worshipped with his wife and three daughters when they were at home in Edinburgh. 
Tobacco giant Philip Morris, in a shift of tactics, is backing a California referendum that would limit smoking in public places but standardize a hodgepodge of local ordinances.  The largest US tobacco company has been collecting signatures in an effort to place the "California Uniform Tobacco Control Act" on the ballot in November, and claims to have enough to place the initiative before voters. 
D-Day, California style.  There are no sharp steel pilings with mines strapped to them lying hidden below the waterline. 
D-Day, California style.  There are no sharp steel pilings with mines strapped to them lying hidden below the waterline. 
Goran Ivanisevic (Croatia x5) v. Qualifier, Qualifier v Bryan Shelton (USA), Alex O'Brien (USA) v. Marc Rosset (Switz), Alex Corretja (Spain) v. Fernando Meligeni (Brazil), Maurice Ruah (Venezuela) v. Karol Kutchera (Slovakia), Arnaud Boetsch (France) v. Ivan Lendl (USA) Qualifier v. Brad Gilbert (USA), Andrea Gaudenzi (Italy) v. Petr Korda (Czech x12), Cedric Pioline (France x14) v. Jakob Hlasek (Switz), Wayne Ferreira (S Africa) v. Alberto Berasategui (Spain), Bernd Karbacher (Germany) v. Tomas Carbonell (Spain), Thierry Guardiola (France) v. Yevgeny Kafelnikov (Russia), Richard Fromberg (Australia) v. Byron Black (Zimbabwe), Mark Woodforde (Australia) v. Qualifier, MaliVai Washington v. Javier Frana (Argentina), Henrik Holm (Sweden) v. Stefan Edberg (Sweden x3)  Michael Chang (USA x8) v. Jim Grabb (USA), Jordi Arrese (Spain) v. Rodolphe Gilbert (France), Patrick McEnroe (USA) v. Jaime Yzaga (Peru), Amos Mansdorf (Israel) v. Jared Palmer (USA), Chuck Adams (USA) v. Jeff Tarango (USA), Brett Steven (N Zealand) v. Magnus Larsson (Sweden), Darren Cahill (Australia) v. Francisco Clavet (Spain), Stephane Simian (France) v. Todd Martin (USA x9) 
British tank driver Thomas Parry, 70, has only bad memories of the battle of Normandy which he fought for six weeks in US-built Sherman tanks until a German sniper put an end to his campaign with a leg wound.  Liverpool-born Parry, who stayed on in Normandy after falling in love with a French girl, tried to forget, but his post-war job of picking up the remains of his dead comrades and then tending their graves for the Commonwealth War Graves Commission made the task of oblivion difficult. 
A few German prisoners-of-war have stayed on in Normandy where hotels, cafes and even butchers' shops are displaying "Welcome to our Liberators" signs as the 50th anniversary of the D-Day landings approaches.  Leipzig-born Johannes Borner, a paratrooper who survived the carnage of the Falaise gap battle, runs a restaurant and hotel in this port at the mouth of the river Orne. 
President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary, on Friday remembered former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, who died late Thursday of cancer, as a model of courage and dignity.  "Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was a model of courage and dignity for all Americans and all the world," Clinton said. 
Government troops fought off a rebel UNITA attack on an air base in eastern Angola, but were beaten back by separatist forces in the north, military and separatist sources said Friday.  The military high command said government soldiers killed 19 rebels of the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) and seized arms and ammunition when they attacked the air force base at Saurimo on Thursday. 
War and the critical state of the economy in troubled Georgia has brought about the near collapse of the country's healthcare system and has threatened the Transcaucasian republic with a flood of diseases not seen for decades.  Georgia's latest health scare is rabies. According to the country's deputy chief surgeon, Madonna Jurbenadze, 17 Georgians have died from rabies in the last year and she estimates that a further 15,000 could be infected with the disease. 
Islamic fundamentalists gunned down two Israeli sergeants on the Gaza Strip on Friday, provoking warnings that autonomy would not survive unless the PLO halted attacks.  They were the first Jewish soldiers killed since Israel and the PLO signed an accord on May 4 to launch self-rule in Gaza and Jericho. 
The end of an era in Southern Africa will be marked Saturday when businessman Bakili Muluzi takes power in Malawi from President Hastings Kamuzu Banda, one of the last of the continent's strongmen from the days of the anti-colonial struggle.  Muluzi's investiture at a stadium in the southern commercial capital, Blantyre, will also reinforce Africa's new acceptance of multiparty democracy after decades of colonialism, one-party rule and apartheid. 
The emergence of a democratic South Africa has got businessmen in neighbouring countries worried about what impact it might have on trade in the region.  Some see post-apartheid South Africa as a threat, fearing that foreign investors might divert their attention to the new democratic country because of its vast economic potential and well-developed infrastucture. 
The Philippines, moving to mollify an angry Indonesia, vowed Friday to arrest and deport foreigners who take part in a planned regional conference here that deals with alleged military repression in East Timor.  The May 31 to June 3 private meeting in Manila has sparked a diplomatic row, with Jakarta threatening retaliation if the meeting takes place. 
The European Union and 70 associated African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) developing nations formally launched mammoth talks on Friday to update their 20-year-old aid and trade pact known as the Lome Convention.  The aim was to modernise the convention to bring it into the 21st century and make it more dynamic, said Greece's European Affairs Minister Theodoros Pangalos at the opening. Greece is current EU president. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin said Friday he warned his Ukrainian counterpart Leonid Kravchuk to refrain from using force against the secessionnist Russian-speaking republic of Crimea, Interfax reported.  "There cannot be in any instance, any forceful actions undertaken against Crimea," Yeltsin said he told Kravchuk, adding: "Crimea is a sovereign (eds:correct) republic within Ukraine and has the right to its own political stand and the right to make its own decisions." 
Angola is threatened by severe famine due to a grave food supply situation, the UN Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) said in a statement released here on Friday.  "Deaths from starvation-related causes were reported from several parts of the country and severe cases of malnutrition were observed in areas visited by a recent FAO/World Food Programme (WFP) mission", the FAO said. 
Martina Navratilova, who at 37 will retire at the end of this year, was dealt no favours on Friday at the draw for next week's French Open Tennis Championships at the Roland Garros Stadium.  The fourth-ranked left-handed American, dreaming to repeat her 1982 and 1984 success on the surface least suited to her aggressive game, found herself drawn into an over-heavy, top-half of the women's singles draw and on course for a semi-final showdown with defending champion Steffi Graf. 
Ajax Amsterdam have made a six million dollar bid for Ronaldo Luiz Nazario de Lima, the 17-year-old who has been included in Brazil's World Cup squad, Ceesar Masci, the president of Ronaldo's club Cruzeiro said on Friday.  Masci said other European clubs, including Ajax's Dutch rivals PSV Eindhoven and Barcelona, had expressed an interest in Ronaldo, the outstanding prospect in Brazilian football. The club is waiting to see if the other clubs come up with firm offers before deciding whether to accept Ajax's offer. 
England striker Les Ferdinand turned his back on the chance of big money move on Friday, when he signed a new two year contract with Queens Park Rangers.  But veteran midfielder Ray Wilkins, who won 84 England caps, has been given a free transfer by QPR, and could now join newly-promoted London rivals Crystal Palace. 
The dollar was under pressure from other major currencies in early trading on Wall Street Friday although the market was quiet.  The ounce of gold meanwhile was 2.30 dollars up at 383.70 dollars compared to its Thursday close. 
Crimea, whose parliament voted Friday to reinstate a separatist 1992 constitution, has a history checkered by invasion and occupation.  Occupied by Tatars in 1239, Crimea was conquered by Ottoman Turks in 1475 and retaken by Russia in 1783. 
English Premiership club Newcastle United have signed US national goalkeeper Brad Friedel for around 250,000 pounds.  Friedel, 23 this week, plays for his college team, UCLA, and has 21 international caps. 
All conscripts in Crimea must fulfill their military service within the peninsula, according to a bill adopted Friday by the Crimean parliament, Interfax reported.  The news agency said the resolution meant that conscripts would carry out their mandatory military service on Crimean territory, either within the army or with the Black Sea Fleet based in Sevastopol. 
Wall Street stock prices were slghtly down in early trading Friday in the face of profit-taking following six consecutive days of gains.  The Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials minutes after the opening was 6.45 points (0.17 percent) down at 3,752.53 points compared to its Thursday close. It gained 26.09 points Thursday. 
Italiam Foreign Minister Antonio Martino travels to Washington on Sunday for talks with Secretary of State Warren Christopher and National Security Adviser Anthony Lake, the foreign ministry said Friday.  Martino said even before he received the portfolio that he would outline the new Italian government's policies in the United States, where there has been some concern about the presence of five neo- facist ministers in the cabinet. 
The European Commission tried here Friday to breathe life back into its plan to rescue Europe's troubled steel industry, after one of its architects had declared on Thursday that the project was dead.  A spokesman for the European Union executive said EU industry ministers, at a meeting in June, would discuss the plan, which calls for cuts of at least 19 million tonnes of steel output a year -- about 15 percent of capacity. 
Japan's ruling coalition, which has lost a majority in parliament due to the Socialist pullout, eroded further Friday as four members of former prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa's party crossed the floor.  Japan's parliament, meanwhile, approved a second stop-gap budget of 10.89 trillion yen (104 billion dollars) to cover 40 days while political turmoil prevented the passage of a state budget for the fiscal year from April 1. 
Thirty men who fought in the clandestine ranks of the armed wing of Fatah against Israel have joined the new Palestinian police force, a PLO official told AFP on Friday.  Another 40 "Hawks" from the mainstream PLO group have applied to become policemen since the May 4 agreement to launch autonomy in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank town of Jericho, said the official. 
Six youths aged 14 to 19 stand accused of torturing a 15-year-old mate and painting Nazi symbols and slogans on his body, the Schwerin prosecutor's office said Friday.  A spokesman said the six enticed the victim into an apartment at Grabow in Mecklenburg state on Wednesday and beat him up, tried to cut him with blunt knives and painted swastikas and "Sieg Heil," Nazi salute, on him. 
Bosnian Croat "bandits" have blocked a convoy of about 100 trucks loaded with humanitarian food aid south of Sarajevo for the last two days, a Bosnian military spokesman said Friday.  Colonel Ekrem Advic said the convoy, with 200 tonnes of food supplies, had been heading to the hard-hit Tuzla region in northeastern Bosnia. 
Indian President Shankar Dayal Sharma is due to visit Bulgaria and Romania between May 26 and June 1, officials said here Friday.  The visit, the first by an Indian president to the east European countries in the post-communist era, is expected to further boost trade and cultural ties, they said. 
Predominantly-Moslem Malaysia slammed Britain on Friday for calling on the Bosnian Moslems to admit military defeat, saying it was tantamount to giving its blessings to Serb atrocities.  "Malaysia cannot accept the British stand," Foreign Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi was quoted by the Bernama news agency as saying. 
At least nine people were killed and more than 50 others injured in a head-on collision between two commuter trains at station in Cirebon, West Java, on Friday, a local police said.  Second Lieutenant Ade Suhendi said the accident occured as a train, en route from Jakarta to Solo in Central Java ran head-on into a another train which was about to leave for Jakarta from the Arjawinangun station, killing nine people, seriously injuring 18 while 37 others suffered light injuries. 
The Indonesian military has arrested a deputy of the jailed East Timor pro-independence movement Fretilin leader Xanana Gusmao, sources said here Friday.  The authorities arrested the East Timorese, identified as Jose Antonio Neixis,  on Thursday in Malang, East Java, the source said. 
Fighting between Abkhazian and Georgian forces late Thursday killed one Abkhazian soldier and injured two, the Abkhazian defence ministry said Friday.  Skirmishes broke out around the hydro-electric power plant on the Ingouri river, marking the border between Abkhazia and Georgia, after around 60 Georgians crossed into Abkhazian territory, said the ministry, cited by ITAR-TASS news-agency. 
The Nigerian junta on Friday appealed for people to vote Monday for delegates to a constitutional conference and not to start another "national crisis" in heeding a boycott call by pro-democracy groups.  Information Minister Jerry Gana asked union leaders, pressure groups, prominent politicians and rights movements "to choose this path of peace and reconciliation, instead of generating another national crisis." 
English First Division club Millwall, facing action by the football authorities after a hooligan rampage this week, could be in further trouble over comments by their chairman Reg Burr.  Burr was quoted in some newspapers on Friday as describing Derby defender Paul Williams as a "physically aggressive and unpleasant player". 
Martina Navratilova, who at 37 will retire at the end of this year, was dealt no favours on Friday at the draw for next week's French Open Tennis Championships at the Roland Garros Stadium.  The fourth-ranked left-handed American, dreaming to repeat her 1982 and 1984 success on the surface least suited to her aggressive game, found herself drawn into an over-heavy, top-half of the women's singles draw and on course for a semi-final showdown with defending champion Steffi Graf. 
US and Japanese negotiators went into a second day of talks here Friday to try and break a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade talks.  Both US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor and the Japanese negotiators were tight-lipped as they entered the USTR building for their third session since Thursday morning. 
Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic were among more than two million Moslems who Friday climbed Mount Arafat, the climax of the annual pilgrimage to Mecca.  Saudi authorities said the hajj, or pilgrimage, had passed off without incident despite threats from Iranian pilgrims to hold an anti-US demonstration in defiance of a Saudi ban. 
Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn will end 20 years in exile and return home on May 27, his wife said Friday.  Solzhenitsyn, who has been living in the small town of Cavendish, Vermont in the north-east of the United States will fly to Vladivostok in the Russian Far East via Anchorage, Alaska and then on across the country, Natalia Solzhenitsyn said in a communique. 
French bankers seeking to recover huge debts from flamboyant soccer boss and self-made millionaire Bernard Tapie on Friday sent bailiffs into his chic Paris home to assess a collection of 18th century French furniture, paintings and works of art.  The furniture was not removed from his residence, situated on the left bank of the river Seine, but Tapie is henceforth unable to dispose of it. 
Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn will end 20 years in exile and return home on May 27, his wife said Friday.  Solzhenitsyn, who has been living in the small town of Cavendish, Vermont in the north-east of the United States will fly to Vladivostok in the Russian Far East via Anchorage, Alaska and then on across the country, Natalia Solzhenitsyn said in a communique. 
The UN Commissioner for Human Rights on Friday called for "effective international action" to prevent further atrocities in Rwanda, where at least 200,000 people have died in an ethnic bloodbath.  "Effective international action to prevent a further escalation of human rights violations is urgently required," commissioner Jose Ayala Lasso said. The killings of civilians must stop immediately." 
French bankers seeking to recover huge debts from flamboyant soccer boss and self-made millionaire Bernard Tapie on Friday sent bailiffs into his chic Paris home to assess a collection of 18th century French furniture, paintings and works of art.  The furniture was not removed from his residence, situated on the left bank of the river Seine, but Tapie is henceforth unable to dispose of it. 
Army and rebel gunners slammed shells into each other's camps in Kigali on Friday as the United Nations struggled to launch its new peacekeeping operation in Rwanda after six weeks of ethnic carnage.  Mortar fire prevented UN planes from landing in the embattled capital with desperately needed food and medicine for the second consecutive day, UN spokesman Abdul Kabia said. 
Japanese electronics giants, including the monolithic Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd., announced Friday lower profits as a result of the stronger yen but forecast improved earnings for the current year.  The big exception was Ricoh Co. Ltd., the leading manufacturer of photocopiers, which boosted its worldwide earnings by more than half in the year to March, reaping the benefits of two years of major restructuring. 
China has again rejected US allegations that it is still exporting prison labour products in defiance of two bilateral agreements, the official Xinhua news agency said Friday.  A senior official of the Chinese judicial department said it was "entirely false" that factories in China were "prison-labour factories," and said no prisoner-made goods had been exported to the United States. 
Japan's five biggest shipping companies announced Friday dismal earnings and revenue figures for the year to March, forecasting either flat performances or modest improvements at best in the coming year.  Two of the companies, Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd. and the long-troubled Showa Line Ltd., suffered pre-tax losses in the latest year. The three remaining companies -- Nippon Yusen KK (NYK), Mitsui OSK Lines Ltd. and Navix Line Ltd. -- saw pre-tax earnings more than halved. 
The Crimean parliament took a new step towards secession from Ukraine Friday, triggering a political crisis in Kiev and prompting Russia to warn Ukrainian authorities not to react with force.  Lawmakers in the predominantly Russian-populated republic voted overwhelmingly in favor of restoring a 1992 constitution that establishes treaty relations between Kiev and Crimea, allows for Crimean citizenship and provides for the establishment of a local militia force. 
Samir Geagea, a Lebanese Christian leader, was officially implicated on Friday in the deadly bombing of a Maronite church north of Beirut.  Investigating judge Joseph Freiha issued an arrest warrant against Geagea, who is already in custody for a separate inquiry into the slaughter of rival Christian leader Dany Chamoun and his family in October 1990. 
Wall Street stock prices were slghtly down in early trading Friday in the face of profit-taking following six consecutive days of gains.  The Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials at 1500 GMT was down 6.45 points compared to its Thursday close at 3,752.53 points with 100 million shares changing hands. The Dow gained 26.09 points Thursday. 
Sarajevo marked its 100th day of a ceasefire Friday to the sound of steady gunfire.  UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) spokesman Rob Annink praised the success of the truce between Bosnia's warring Moslems and Serbs, while noting that between 100 and 200 violations of the truce were recorded daily. 
Irregularities reported in one southern Malawi district have delayed the announcement of the official results of the country's first democratic polls, won by Bakili Muzuli, the electoral commission said Friday.  The head of the independent electoral commission, Justice Anastazia Msosa, told reporters in the capital Lilongwe that irregularities were reported in Nsanje, home of the vice president of rhw defeated Malawi Congress Party (MCP), Gwanda Chakuamba. 
Turkish soldiers in the northern part of the divided island of Cyprus are using German arms in violation of NATO agreements, an official source said here Friday.  The Greek-Cypriot source, who asked to remain anonymous, said the 35,000 Turkish soldiers who have occupied northern Cyprus since 1974 were using arms delivered to Ankara by Bonn. 
Massud Barzani, head of the Kurdistan Democratic Party, Friday appealed for a ceasefire between his forces and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan in Kurdish-controlled northern Iraq.  "I appeal to all the parties to stop the war and end the Kurdish bloodshed," Barzani said in a statement received by AFP in Ankara Friday. 
The French economy is heading for unexpectedly strong recovery during the first half of the year, the official INSEE statistical institute reported Friday.  It increased its forecast for growth of gross domestic product (GDP) in the first half to 0.9 percent from the performance in the second half of last year. In March it had set its growth forcecast at 0.7 percent and in December at 0.5 percent. 
The number of leprosy cases worldwide is expected to fall to an all- time record low of 2.4 million this year, 23 percent less than in 1993, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said Friday.  The WHO said in a statement that it hoped to eradicate the illness by the end of the century. Last year's 3.1 million cases showed considerable improvement in preventing the disease when compared with the 5.5 million figure of 1991. 
Chinese filmmaker Yin Li, barred from leaving his country to attend the premiere of his film here, sent a defiant personal message to the Cannes Film Festival Friday.  "Even though I cannot be here and sit with you face to face today, I believe that such a day will not be too far away," he said, in a direct telephone link attended by small group of journalists. 
Former England captain Graham Gooch is back as world number two batsman, without even playing.  Gooch, 40, was removed from the world ratings last winter after making himself unavailable for England's West Indies tour. 
French bankers seeking to recover huge debts from flamboyant soccer boss and self-made millionaire Bernard Tapie on Friday sent bailiffs into his chic Paris home to assess a collection of 18th century French furniture, paintings and works of art.  Tapie, president of the recently-relegated football club Olympique Marseille, was present during the inventory. 
President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe said on Friday the future of international peace lay in the hands of individual regions which should be prepared to deal with conflicts that threaten regional stability.  Addressing an audience at the Royal Institute of International Affairs here, Mugabe said Africa "can settle the problems of Liberia, Somalia and Rwanda" with help from the international community, but proposed no direct initiatives. 
Top policy-makers from OECD countries, emerging from two-day talks here, recognized Friday they were puzzled and somewhat worried by the recent rise in long-term interest rates and volatility in financial markets.  Participants in a two-day meeting of the OECD's key Economic Policy Committee (EPC) said surprise and some concern over these developments was reflected in a discussion of monetary policy, especially in the major three economies. 
A Cambodian army officer said he beheaded three Thais last month and regularly executed Khmer Rouge captives, a practice he called widespread in the Cambodian civil war, the Phnom Penh Post reported Friday.  "Both sides do it -- if we catch them, we kill them," he was reported as saying in the English language bi-weekly. "If we catch a Khmer Rouge, we cut their head off and send it back to them." 
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Friday rejected a North Korean proposal to keep fuel rods from a controversial nuclear reactor in a "safe place under seal" ahead of resumed talks on the issue, an IAEA spokesman said.  "That won't work. We will no longer be able to verify with certainty if any of the nuclear material has been diverted," from the Yongbyon experimental reactor, he said. 
Williams-Renault's official test driver, David Coulthard, is to join Damon Hill in the team's four-day test at the Jerez track in Spain, it was announed here on Friday.  The announcement strengthened speculation Coulthard could take Ayrton Senna's place in the Williams team, at least for the immediate future. 
Northern forces claimed further advances on the southern power base of Aden on Friday, as Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh ignored appeals for a ceasefire during the Moslem feast of Al-Adha.  Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and PLO leader Yasser Arafat both called on Saleh to lay down arms immediately to respect Al-Adha which starts on Saturday following the annual pilgrimage to Mecca. 
Hundreds of thousands of people are fleeing central Rwanda as heavy fighting in the capital Kigali and elsewhere in the central African nation causes a new exodus of refugees, an International Committee of the Red Cross spokesman said Friday.  The CICR appealed for UN peacekeepers to be sent in as quickly as possible and for the establishment of humanitarian corridors through the country. 
Ukrainian lawmakers suspended the constitution of independance-leaning Crimea, parliamentary sources said, after Crimean deputies earlier adopted a basic law which amounted to a declaration of independence from Kiev.  In the closed-session vote Ukrainian deputies gave the pro-Russian Crimean assembly 10 days to "conform with the laws and constitution of Ukraine." 
Arsenal's Danish international John Jensen and England striker Ian Wright are to receive European Cup Winners Cup medals, even though they both missed the 1-0 final victory over Parma in Copenhagen.  Wright, suspended after being booked in the semi-final, and Jensen, injured playing for Denmark, had originally been told by UEFA that they were not eligible. 
Ukrainian lawmakers suspended the constitution of independance-leaning Crimea, parliamentary sources said, after Crimean deputies earlier adopted a basic law tantamount to a declaration of independence from Kiev.  In the closed-session vote Ukrainian deputies gave the pro-Russian Crimean assembly 10 days to "conform with the laws and constitution of Ukraine." 
The German parliament Friday adopted tougher laws against rightwing extremists, neo-Nazis who deny the Holocaust never happened, and organised crime.  Deputies adopted a law prescribing up to three years' prison or a fine for "those who approve, deny or minimise, in public or before a meeting, actions perpetrated during the Nazi dictatorship." 
World number-one Pete Sampras, who is hoping to win a fourth consecutive 'Grand Slam' title at the French Open Tennis Championships, wasn't complaining when he saw the draw at the Roland Garros stadium here on Friday.  Of the first five names French Olympic fencing champion Jean-Francois Lamour produced from the cup -- four were qualifiers. 
The death from cancer of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, 64, widow of former US President John Kennedy and Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis, left Greece unmoved Friday.  "We have absolutely nothing to say," a spokesman for the Onassis foundation said to AFP Friday. 
Fredrik Lindgren put Swedish golf back in the limelight in Rome on Friday when he shot eight birdies in a career best 64 to share the half-way lead in the Italian Open with Englishman Paul Eales.  Both stand on the nine-under par mark of 135 after Eales added a 70 to his opening 65. 
Italy's neo-fascist leader Gianfranco Fini told parliament here Friday that his National Alliance (NA) coalition had no links to "historic fascism."  "Nobody can deny that the NA fully values freedom, pluralism, anti- totalitarianism as much as we oppose racism and anti-Semitism," Fini told parliament as legislators were preparing to vote Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government into office later Friday. 
US and Japanese negotiators went into a second day of talks here Friday to try and break a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade talks.  Both US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor and the Japanese negotiators were tight-lipped as they entered the USTR building for their third session since Thursday morning. 
Indonesia won the Uber Cup here on Friday when they beat defending champions China 3-2 in the final of the biannual women's championship here Friday.  Results (Indonesian names first) 
The pay dispute between Los Angeles police and city officials has threatened to spill over into the World Cup, with officers threatening to withdraw their services during the event.  Members of the main police officers' union threatened Thursday to take sick leave during the event from June 17-July 17. 
Hundreds of thousands of people are fleeing central Rwanda amid an upsurge in heavy fighting in the capital Kigali and elsewhere in the country, an International Committee of the Red Cross spokesman said Friday.  The ICRC appealed for UN peacekeepers to be sent in as quickly as possible and humanitarian corridors to be established throughout the central African state. 
The always private Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis died at home the way she had wanted, surrounded by the people she loved, said her son here Friday.  "My mom passed on surrounded by her friends and family and her books with people she loved," said John Kennedy Jnr. outside Onassis' Fifth Avenue Manhattan apartment. 
European shares struggles on the markets Friday, prices edging upwards in London and Frankfurt but falling in Paris.  In London share prices shed early gains in response to a weak opening on Wall Street, but the Footsie index of 100 leading shares still ended up on the day with a rise of 4.5 points or 0.1 percent to 3,127.3 points. 
The National Basketball Association will make an extensive investigation before it rules on Roy Tarpley's request for reinstatement after three violations of its drug policies.  Tarpley, who has been playing in Greece for two seasons, was kicked out of the NBA on October 16, 1991. 
Settlers defied a Palestinian police ban Friday taking guns into the synagogue in the self-rule enclave of Jericho, an AFP correspondent reported.  Four settlers armed with automatic rifles or machine guns prayed in the ancient synagogue which is under the protection of the new Palestinian police. 
The Portland Trail Blazers, who had their worst National Basketball Association season since 1989 and lost in the first round of the playoffs, fired coach Rick Adelman Friday.  "Rick is a class individual," said team owner Paul Allen. "He is a fine human being. People like that are rare in any business. It does make these kinds of decisions especially hard, but in the final analysis, you have to do what you believe is right for the organization and the team." 
US-Japan talks aimed at breaking a three-month deadlock in trade negotiations are going well and will be extended into a third day Saturday, a senior US official said Friday.  "The conversations are going well," President Bill Clinton's deputy economic advisor said as he emerged from an almost three-hour session, the third since Thursday morning. 
The death of Jackie Kennedy Onassis closes another chapter in the life on America's most famous family - the Kennedy clan.  A glance and the trials, triumphs and tragedies of the Kennedys: 
Edward, known as Ted or Teddy, was the heir apparent to the Kennedy political fortunes and was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1962. But seven years later, in an incident that shattered the family and his national political aspirations, he drove a car off a bridge on Massachusetts' Chappaquiddick Island after a party, killing aide Mary Jo Kopechne.  Kennedy won re-election to the Senate. But it was not until 1980 that he was again being mentioned as presidential material, and he made a late, unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination against President Jimmy Carter. 
The German parliament Friday adopted tougher laws against rightwing extremists, neo-Nazis who deny the Holocaust ever happened, and organised crime.  Deputies adopted a law prescribing up to three years' prison or a fine for "those who approve, deny or minimise, in public or before a meeting, actions perpetrated during the Nazi dictatorship." 
Spain won two tight singles rubbers against Sweden to reach the final of the World Team Cup on Friday.  Carlos Costa overcame Jan Apell 4-6, 6-3, 6-4 and French Open champion Sergi Bruguera then beat Stefan Edberg 7-6, (8/6), 5-7, 6-3 to clinch the final place. 
Mark Duper, once a star receiver with the Miami Dolphins, was arrested Friday when he tried to buy a kilogram of cocaine, police said.  Duper, 35, was arrested at a hotel in a sting operation organized by the US Drug Enforcement Administration and local police. 
A near-total UN trade embargo against Haiti goes into force Sunday at a time when President Bill Clinton is under growing pressure from a powerful minority at home to use force to dislodge the country's defiant military leaders.  The trade embargo sought by the United States will take effect after midnight Saturday, (0400 GMT Sunday), unless Haiti's military rulers resign and allow the restoration of democracy in Haiti. 
Norway coach Egil Olsen has made an astonishing attack on the tactics that have brought England victory in their first two games under Terry Venables.  As he prepared his team for their World Cup warm-up against Venables' reborn Englishmen, Olsen told Sunday's opponents they should revert to the 'long-ball' game favoured by their failed previous boss Graham Taylor. 
Coffee prices continued to defy the laws of gravity this week, soaring to new highs daily. The price of robusta jumped to its highest level for five years after a cut in world production caused a shortage on the markets.  Sugar was higher as India appeared ready to import on a large scale to compensate for its production deficit. Vegetable oils and grains were likewise higher. 
US-Japan talks aimed at breaking a three-month deadlock in trade negotiations are going well and will be extended into a third day, a senior US official said Friday.  "The conversations are going well," President Bill Clinton's deputy economic advisor Bowman Cutter said as he emerged from an almost three-hour session, the third since Thursday morning. 
Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn will end 20 years in exile and return home on May 27, his wife said Friday.  Solzhenitsyn, who has been living in the small town of Cavendish, Vermont in the northeast of the United States, will fly to Vladivostok in the Russian Far East via Anchorage, Alaska and then on across the country, Natalia Solzhenitsyn said in a communique. 
The dollar slid slightly against most European currencies Friday except against the French franc which rose on Thursday's cut in French interest rates.  But the Greek drachma was under severe pressure falling to 153.95 drachmas to the German mark from 149.9 Thursday despite a spectacular hike in the overnight rate to 250 percent. 
The Italian lower house passed a vote of confidence in Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government Friday, lower house Speaker Irena Pivetti announced. 
Award-winning writer Kazuo Ishiguro, a member of the Cannes film festival jury, paid tribute Friday to Japanese cinema, saying it strongly influenced his appreciation of the art even now.  Japanese-born Ishiguro, who has lived in Britain since the age of five, said his love for his native land's films would have made it difficult for him to be on the jury here if a Japanese entry had been in competition. 
The Italian lower house passed a vote of confidence in Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government Friday, lower house Speaker Irena Pivetti announced.  The outcome of the vote -- 366 votes for Berlusconi's conservative government and 245 against -- was expected after the premier's Forza Italy, the federalist Northern League and the neo-fascist National Alliance formed a coalition following the March 27-28 general elections. 
Prices on the London Stock Exchange crept higher this week, despite a rise in US interest rates and declining hopes of a cut in hte cost of borrowing in Britain.  The FT-SE 100 index of leading shares closed at 3,127.3 points on Friday, showing a weekly gain of 8.1 points or 0.2 percent. 
The Italian lower house passed a vote of confidence in Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government Friday, clearing the last parliamentary hurdle to the implementation of the premier's radical free-market economic program.  Irena Pivetti, speaker of the lower house, announced Berlusconi's conservative government had won 366 votes in the ballot, compared to 245 against. 
Brain tissue was lifted from cadavres by staff in 14 German hospitals and sold to a drug company without the knowledge of the hospital authorities, North Rhine-Westphalia health minister Franz Muentefering said Friday.  Reporting the findings of an investigation into 22 hospitals and two private institutes, he said the practice had occurred in 14 hospitals in the German regional state. 
The southern-based Yemen Socialist Party (YSP) plans to create a state of South Yemen, a reliable source said here Friday, as civil war split the country less than four years after reunification.  "The decision has been taken and the announcement will probably come quickly," the source told AFP. 
Former world number-one Ivan Lendl warmed up for next week's French Open Tennis Championships in Paris by reaching the final of the clay- court exhibition tournament here Friday.  Lendl, 34, beat Paul Haarhuis of the Netherlands 6-2, 6-4. 
Following is a chronology of events that led from the anti-corruption Clean Hands probe of political and business leaders and the fall of Italy's post-war political system to parliament's vote of confidence this week for new Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.  1992: 
North Korea has not diverted fuel from a nuclear reactor US Defense Secretary William Perry said here on Friday.  Perry said the Koreans had allowed international inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to check that no such transfers had taken place. 
A handful of films are left in the running for the Golden Palm, due to be awarded here Monday, Cannes film festival jury member Kazuo Ishiguro said Friday.  In an interview with AFP, Japanese-born Briton Ishiguro also said that as far as he was concerned, the winner would be a film which would appeal to the "enthusiastic amateur." 
King Hussein of Jordan held talks Friday with President Hafez al-Assad on the Middle East peace process, as the Syrian media said a shuttle mission by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher had failed.  A Syrian presidential spokesman said the two leaders discussed "the obstacles put up by Israel to a fair and global peace." 
Somerset captain Andy Hayhurst ground out a six-hour century as his side crawled to 355 for nine on a rain-interrupted second day of the English County Cricket Championship.  Hayhurst was unbeaten on 111 when he closed his side's innings and an early tea was taken. He had batted for 384 minutes, hitting 10 fours and one six. 
South African President Nelson Mandela met ministers Friday to discuss reports that former president Frederik de Klerk handed vast tracts of land to Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini in a secret deal made days before the election.  Land Affairs Minister Derek Hanekom told the domestic news agency SAPA that the deal was due to be discussed between Mandela and De Klerk, now Mandela's deputy, on Monday. 
South Africa has formally applied for membership of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU), SABC public radio said Friday, quoting OAU secretary Salim Ahmed Salim.  Salim said he had been contacted by South Africa's new foreign minister, Alfed Nzo, who had told him that his country wanted to join the OAU. 
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Friday cleared the last parliamentary hurdle to taking power when the lower house passed a vote of confidence in his government.  Irena Pivetti, speaker of the lower house, announced 366 votes in favour of Berlusconi's conservative government, compared to 245 against. 
The Yemen government will observe a three-day ceasefire following 15 days of fighting with southern forces, the northern-controlled SABA news agency reported Friday.  The ceasefire, effective from Saturday 0:00 a.m. (Friday 2100 GMT), was declared on the occasion of the Moslem Al-Adha festival prior to Sunday's celebration of the fourth anniversary of the unification of South and North Yemen, the agency said. 
One soldier was killed and two others were wounded in renewed fighting between Abkhazian and Georgian forces, the Abkhazian defence ministry said Friday.  Skirmishes broke out Thursday around the hydro-electric power plant on the Inguri river, marking the border between separatist Abkhazia and Georgia, after around 60 Georgians crossed into Abkhazian territory, the ministry said, cited by ITAR-TASS news-agency. 
The Yemen government has called a three-day ceasefire following 15 days of fighting with southern forces, the northern-controlled SABA news agency reported Friday.  The ceasefire will be effective from Saturday 0:00 a.m. (Friday 2100 GMT), the agency said. 
Bulgarian Foreign Minister Stanislav Daskalov called Friday for a resolution of the Greek-Macedonian conflict and said that Greek sanctions against its neighbour could affect the region's stability.  "This situation is very regrettable because these sanctions are also affecting Bulgaria," Daskalov said during a one-day official visit here. "This conflict must be resolved on the negotiating table rather than through an embargo." 
Blue-chip share prices posted modest gains Friday in a mixed session for the broader market depressed by profit-taking and a new rise in long-term interest rates.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials rose 7.37 points to close at 3,766.35, its highest level since March 25. 
Crowds mulled around the posh Fifth Avenue apartment block of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, placing flowers and other mementos around the building to bid farewell to the former first lady Friday.  "Go with God," read one scrawled note next to the front door. Another offering was a single pale pink rose tied to a white ribbon. It joined neatly wrapped bouquets and home-made bunches of flowers lining the entranceway. 
World number-one Pete Sampras, who is hoping to win a fourth consecutive 'Grand Slam' title at the French Open Tennis Championships, wasn't complaining when he saw the draw at the Roland Garros stadium here on Friday.  Of the first five names French Olympic fencing champion Jean-Francois Lamour produced from the cup -- four were qualifiers. 
Haiti braced for tough UN-ordered international sanctions amid complaints that the near-total trade embargo would hurt the poorest residents of the hemisphere's most impoverished county.  Some Haitians interviewed a day before the sanctions were to take effect predicted that wealthy residents and military leaders would get by for months with supplies stockpiled over the last few month, including fuel smuggled from the neighboring Dominican Republic. 
A crossbow-toting man was arrested just before Prime Minister Jean Chretien was to speak at the Convention Centre, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Friday.  The arrest came Thursday after the suspect, Earl Kevin Jans, 29, entered the center and insisted on a meeting with Chretien, said the police. 
International inspectors have concluded that North Korea has not diverted fuel from a nuclear reactor for use in weapons, Defense Secretary William Perry said Friday.  Perry said that North Korea's move to begin removing fuel rods despite objections by the International Atomic Energy Agency "does not mean that the spent fuel is being diverted for weapons purposes." 
Gold prices rose while the dollar lost ground against all major foreign currencies with the exception of the pound sterling during trading in mild trading Friday.  Friday's gold prices gained 4.50 dollars over Thursday to close at 385.90 per ounce. 
Army troops and police patrolled the capital Friday as political leaders demanded a recount in a vote that President Joaquin Balaguer is leading for an unprecendented seventh term.  With the vote count from Monday's election suspended since late Thursday, opposition leader Jose Francisco Pena Gomez has been demanding a new election or at least another round of balloting where the most serious anomalies were reported. 
Crowds mulled around the posh Fifth Avenue apartment block of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, placing flowers and other mementos around the building to bid farewell to the former first lady Friday.  "Go with God," read one scrawled note next to the front door. Another offering was a single pale pink rose tied to a white ribbon. It joined neatly wrapped bouquets and home-made bunches of flowers lining the entranceway. 
The United States and Vietnam agreed Friday to establish liaison offices as a step toward normalizing relations nearly two decades after the end of the Vietnam War, the State Department said.  Although no date was set for the opening of the offices, agreement was reached to make preparations for the opening by Secretary of State Warren Christopher and Vietnamese Deputy Foreign Minister Tran Duc Luong, said State Department spokeswoman Julie Reside. 
The Yemen government has called a three-day ceasefire in the civil war with southern forces, the SABA news agency said here Friday, after apparently suffering its bloodiest military defeat yet in 15 days of clashes.  The ceasefire, coming amid mounting pressure from the Arab community for a halt to the fighting, will be effective from Saturday 00:00 a.m. (Friday 2100 GMT), the northern-controlled agency said. 
Bidding for the only major title he has never won, Edberg would be a popular winner on his least-favourite surface. The Swede, who reigned for 72 weeks as world number-one from 1990, will be making his eleventh visit -- his best previous showing coming in 1989 when he reached the final only to be thwarted by Michael Chang. Last year he crashed badly in the quarter-finals to emerging Andrei Medvedev of the Ukraine. It was part of a disastrous year in which the London-based Swede had only one tournament win -- unexpectedly at Madrid. Edberg, who became the father of Emily in July, perked up earlier this season with victories at Doha and Stuttgart, but there has since been a worrying slump in form. After losing to Bruguera in the semi-finals at the Monte Carlo Open he has subsequently been beaten in the quarter- finals at Madrid and failed to win a match at Hamburg.  Strengths: Probably best backhand in the game. 
Despite his high ranking, the volatile Croatian is still struggling to recapture form. He failed to win a match at both Madrid and Hamburg and although he reached the quarter-finals at Monte Carlo and Rome, he was severely beaten in both events -- first by Bruguera and then by Becker.  Strengths: Service 
Facing a first-round clash against returning former champion Mats Wilander, Agassi, 24, will be hoping to go one step further than his last two visits to Partis in 1991 and 1992 when he was runner-up. Always a crowd pleaser with his spectacular brand of tennis, clowning and bizarre clothing, Agassi has had an up-and-down comeback so far this year after undergoing a wrist operation. He won his first tournament at Scottsdale and reached the final at Key Biscayne -- but has since had severe setbacks wirth early losses at Monte Carlo and Rome.  Strengths: Powerful passing shots and acceleration in strokeplay 
Frankfurt stocks jumped to a record high at the start of the week, with the DAX index reaching 2,271.11 points, before falling back to end Friday down 0.01 percent on the previous week at 2,249.65 points.  Banking house West LB said neither the cut in Germany's key rates last week nor the increase in US rates and the corresponding bounce in the bond market had supported the DAX at its high. 
Ukrainian troops repulsed an attempt to seize one of their air defence command posts in Sevastopol, Crimea, the Kiev defence ministry said late Friday.  In a statement broadcast by Ukrainian television and monitored by the BBC, the ministry said "a group of unidentified armed people" had tried to capture the post in the port city. 
Ukrainian lawmakers suspended the constitution of independance-leaning Crimea, parliamentary sources said, after Crimean deputies earlier adopted a basic law tantamount to a declaration of independence from Kiev.  In the closed-session vote Ukrainian deputies gave the pro-Russian Crimean assembly 10 days to "conform with the laws and constitution of Ukraine." 
Bill Koch wasn't giving any hints Friday about who will be the first female skipper in the the America's Cup as the final day of tryouts for his all-woman crew was held.  Koch and his lieutenants will spend the next two weeks sorting through their impressions of the roughly 50 women who were given a turn aboard the America's Cup yacht Kanza to see if they had the skill to defend the world's most coveted yachting trophy. 
Two days of heavy rains and flooding in Switzerland have left a trail of destruction, with damage running into millions of Swiss francs (dollars), insurance companies announced Friday.  In the northern Aargau canton four people were slightly injured and damage since Wednesday was estimated at 20 million francs (14 million dollars), the companies said. 
The UN High Commissioner on Refugees has agreed to help the United States in implementing a new policy that allows for a hearing to Haitian refugees seeking political asylum, the White House said Friday.  A statement issued by staff travelling with President Bill Clinton said the UN office would help train US personnel, monitor the process and assist in finding a third country for interviews of Haitians who flee their impoverished homeland. 
South African Deputy President Frederik de Klerk dismissed as "nonsense" Friday press reports that he had handed vast tracts of land to Zulu monarch Goodwill Zwelithini to forestall an election boycott.  A Johannesberg newspaper said Friday that De Klerk had transferred control of three million hectares (7.5 million acres) of state land to Zwelithini just before he, de Klerk, was voted out of office as South African president last month. 
Share prices on Wall Street rose sharply for the week on a long- expected hike in long-term interest rates.  The Dow Jones index of 30 blue chips closed Friday at 3,766.35, up 106.67 points (2.9 percent) from the preceding week. 
Bank stocks were the first to gain from the higher interest rates even though some profit-taking cut those gains. Citicorp ended the day Friday at 39 up from 36-3/4 the previous week and BankAmerica at 47-5/8 up from 46-3/8.  Primary products and mining stocks also gained ground. Homestake Mining closed Friday at 20-1/4 up from 18-3/4 and Placer Dome at 23-3/8 up from 21-1/8. 
The State Department Friday brushed aside reports that the US ambassador to Israel resigned because he was excluded from Middle East peace discussions.  Citing Israeli press reports, National Public Radio reported that Ambassador Edward Djerejian, who has served in that post since January 13, resigned because he was left out of talks between US negotiators and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. 
Some 4,700 people held in Peruvian prisons are charged with terrorism, state prosecutor Daniel Espichan said Friday.  An estimated 4,350 of the prisoners took advantage of a law providing leniency to guerrillas who turn themselves in and renounce their links to rebel movements, Espichan said. 
Gangs of youths attacked police, hijacked vehicles and fired shots in loyalist areas of north and west Belfast late Friday, but no one was reported injured, police said, adding the disturbances were continuing.  Extra police have been called in to quell the violence. 
World powers took few great risks in the past year, gambling little, achieving less, and seemingly suffering from a serious attack of "strategic arthritis," according to a global study released here Monday.  "This affliction appeared to affect all but the world's most dangerous and irresponsible powers," said the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) in its Strategic Survey 1993-1994. 
Yemeni Vice-President Ali Salem al-Baid proclaimed the secession of southern Yemen early Saturday four years after the reunification of North and South Yemen. 
The US government ran a 17.5 billion dollar surplus for April, up from 8.1 billion dollars for the same month last year, the US Treasury Department said Friday.  Despite the expected surplus for the month, the administration predicts a deficit of 235 billion dollars for the fiscal year that ends September 30. 
The number of people arrested for attempting to illegally cross into the United States from Mexico dropped 16.5 percent after the government began stepped-up border patrols, officials said Friday.  The Immigration and Naturalization Service said the drop between October 1993 and April 1994 came after the agency beefed up the border patrol as part of "Operation Hold the Line." 
A US arms control expert will visit Slovakia, Hungary and Macedonia this month to discuss nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction and other security matters, the State Department said Friday.  Under Secretary of State Lynn Davis will visit the three countries in a tour beginning Sunday and ending May 28. 
Aden authorities announced early Saturday the creation of an independent state in South Yemen.  Announcing the secession from the north, the south's leader Ali Salem al-Baid said in a televised address: "I proclaim the creation of the Yemeni Democratic Republic as an independent state with its capital in Aden." 
President Bill Clinton said Friday that the US armed forces are capable of waging two conflicts "nearly simultaneously," according to a White House statement released here Friday.  As part of the "National Military Strategy" - the Clinton administration effort to cut military expenditures - Clinton must provide the assurance that the United States is capable of waging two Gulf War-sized conflicts at once. 
Singapore plans to buy 18 US-made F-A-18 fighter jets along with an array of ammunition and spare parts for a total of 1.5 billion dollars, Defense Department officials said Friday.  The planes would be in lieu of F-16s the Asian country said last year it intended to purchase. Singapore could choose between the two aircraft at a later date, the Pentagon said. 
Canada will give some 10,000 asylum seekers who have already been rejected and threatened with deportation another chance, officials said Friday.  The decision applies to asylum seekers - in particular Chinese and Somalis - who have already received a negative response to their requests and who have exhausted their appeals, said Immigration Minister Sergio Marchi. 
Canada will give some 10,000 asylum seekers who have already been rejected and threatened with deportation another chance, officials said Friday.  The decision applies to asylum seekers - in particular Chinese and Somalis - who have already received a negative response to their requests and who have exhausted their appeals, said Immigration Minister Sergio Marchi. 
Aden authorities proclaimed early Saturday the creation of an independent state in South Yemen.  Announcing the secession from the north, the south's leader Ali Salem al-Baid said in a televised address: "I proclaim the creation of the Yemeni Democratic Republic as an independent state with its capital in Aden." 
An Argentine military patrol boat fired cannon shot and machine guns Friday at a Taiwanese fishing boat allegedly operating illegally in Argentina's waters, officials said.  The incident occurred when the navy corvette Spiro detected the Hin Van Sing off Argentina's South Atlantic port of San Julian some 2,300 kilometers (1,500 miles) south of Buenos Aires, not far from the Falklands Islands. 
One man was believed shot and two were arrested after youths fired at police and set fire to vehicles in loyalist areas of Belfast, late Friday, police said.  Gun shots were fired in the Ballysillan area of north Belfast and police, who returned fire said they believed they had hit one man. 
President Bill Clinton on Friday named Melissa Wells, a former ambassador to Zaire, as a special envoy to help negotiate an end to 11 years of civil war in Sudan, the White House said.  Wells will work with Ethiopia, Kenya, Uganda, Eritrea and other countries in the region seeking to bring about a ceasefire in Sudan and a lasting peace accord. 
German lawmakers pick a successor Monday to President Richard von Weizsaecker, with Chancellor Helmut Kohl hoping the expected success of his party's candidate will boost its prospects in upcoming legislative polls.  The favourite to succeed the aristocratic but quietly popular Weizsaecker in a special election Monday is Roman Herzog, a dyed-in- the-wool conservative expert in jurisprudence who currently heads the constitutional court. 
Roman Herzog, favourite in the race for president, is is undeniably the most conservative of the four candidates.  Aged 60, with an imposing high-domed forehead and a glittering eye behind metal-rimmed spectacles, he has the reputation of enjoying the good life and and an ironic turn of phrase. 
Tom Lehman, who let the Masters slip from his fingers, says that experience will benefit him as he chases his first tournament title on the US PGA Tour.  Lehman carded a flawless 67 Friday to take a two-stroke lead at the halfway stage of The Memorial at 10-under 134. 
Johannes Rau is the candidate the man and woman in the street would vote for if they could, according to the opinion polls.  Prime minister of Germany's most important and densely-populated state of North Rhine-Westphalia since 1978, the avuncular Rau, aged 63, is popular in the land at large as well as being well-liked within his Social Democrat Party (SPD). 
Hildegard Hamm-Bruecher could at the age of 73 be dismissed as an elderly albeit elegant woman, but her years are marked by an iron- willed spirit and independence.  Far from being content with her ready-made role as "Grand Lady of the Liberals", this former junior foreign minister is one of the thinkers of the Free Democrat Party (FDP). 
Pennsylvania native Missie Berteotti carded a six-under-par 66 here Friday to grab the first-round lead over four other players in the Lady Keystone Open golf tournament.  "It was a good day," said Berteotti, who could be the first woman from the state to win the 20-year-old event. 
Jens Reich is the joker among the four candidates -- a serious political challenger, while being a rank outsider.  Without the backing of one of the three main parties of government as the others have, he has no chance at all of being elected. 
The legendary Czech-born American will be making her last visit to the famous stadium. At 37 she has decided to call it a day at the end of the year and this tournament will mark her 65th 'Grand Slam' event. Navratilova, who has won 17 major singles titles, holds a remarkable career record of 167 tournament wins. After taking the trophy at this year's Indoor Paris Open, Navratilova said she thought she could still cause upsets at the major events. She can certainly be relied upon to go down fighting. It will be her first visit to the tournament since 1988. She decided to skip the event in sunsequent years to concentrate on Wimbledon. Winner of the French Open crown in 1982 and 1984, the slow surface limits the effectiveness of Navratilova's aggressive tennis.  Strengths: Experience and Power 
The tall Canadian-born French hope has enormous talent but lots of off-court problems. Her controversial father, Jim, had to be expelled from the Stadium   last year and banned from other venues because of his rowdy behaviour. Providing she can blot out the family traumas, the 19-year-old can be devastating and she is capable of outhitting most opponents on both the backhand and the forehand from the baseline. She will be making her fifth appearance at Roland Garros. Last year she was beaten by fellow teenage star Jennifer Capriati who has been out of tennis since last September and who was recently arested on a drugs charge. Pierce has a tough opening match against Nicole Provis of Australia -- a former semi-finalist.  Strengths: Service and Power 
Arnaldo de Oliviera Sales is to stand down as chairman of the Commonwealth Games Federation at this year's event because of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.  The head of the Hong Kong Amateur Sports Federation and Olympic Committee described his decision as "pragmatic." 
A head-on collision between a bus and car Friday left at least 20 people dead and 12 injured near Rio Claro, 170 kilometers (105 miles) inland from Sao Paulo, police said.  Twelve injured passengers were taken to hospital in Rio Claro, police said. 
A head-on collision between a bus and car Friday left at least 20 people dead and 12 injured near Rio Claro, 170 kilometers (105 miles) inland from Sao Paulo, police said.  Twelve injured passengers were taken to a hospital in Rio Claro, police said. 
A man carrying a home-made bomb was killed early Saturday close to the Miss Universe 1994 contest venue, police said.  The victim, believed to be between 35 and 40, died instantly after the explosive went off as he was on a Manila bay seawall. The beauty contest went ahead as planned less than a kilometer (half a mile) away. 
Nine supporters of the United Democratic Front (UDF), celebrating their party's election victory, were crushed to death by a bus, state radio said Friday.  The radio said the driver of the bus, which belonged to UDF deputy James Makhumula, appeared to have driven into a crowd of UDF supporters. 
The United States Friday welcomed a ceasefire announced in Yemen, but had no immediate comment on the late declaration of an independent state in South Yemen.  The State Department called a three-day ceasefire announced for midday Saturday a "good first step in bringing an end to the conflict which has engulfed Yemen and in reconciling all parts of the country." 
Aden authorities proclaimed early Saturday an independent state in South Yemen, 16 days after becoming embroiled in a civil war with northern government forces.  Announcing the secession from the north after one of the bloodiest days of fighting since the conflict began, the south's leader Ali Salem al-Baid said in a televised address: "I proclaim the creation of the Yemeni Democratic Republic as an independent state with its capital in Aden." 
Design errors in a Japan's only nuclear-processing plant caused the disappearance of enough plutonium to make nine nuclear bombs, plant officials said.  "I swear to God that nothing was misused," said Watarase Masaharu, public relations director at the Plutonium Fuel Production Facility, Tokai Works, in Tokai-mura, 100 kilometers (62 miles) northeast of Tokyo. 
Indian model Sushmita Sen won the Miss Universe 1994 contest here Saturday, beating 76 other women for the prestigious beauty crown, officials said. 
The Greek parliament voted Friday night to set up a commission to probe corruption allegations against former conservative prime minister Constantine Mitsotakis over the sale of cement works Aget- Heraklis to the Ferruzi group of Italy.  Of the 300 deputies, 174 voted to set up a committee of enquiry to clarify the circumstances of the sale of Aget-Heraklis to the group's Calcestruzzi subsidiary. 
Almost a year after elections forged Cambodia's warring factions -- minus the Khmer Rouge -- into a shaky coalition, the Royal Cambodian Army is in disarray, disabled by poor discipline and training.  After government forces suffered embarrassing defeats to the Khmer Rouge at Pailin and Anlong Veng, King Norodom Sihanouk has made repeated appeals for military aid and training to "save Cambodia from the yoke of the Khmer Rouge." 
Malawi's President-elect Bakili Muluzi has confounded expectations by picking former top civil servant Justin Malewezi as his vice president, state radio said late Friday.  The radio announced the appointment a day before Muluzi is due to be sworn in as head of state. 
China's booming but unwieldy economy is a major loose cannon on East Asia's strategic landscape, according to a report released here Monday by the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS).  Other signal factors in Asia, according to the IISS' Strategic Survey 1993-1994, are nuclear proliferation on the Korean Peninsula and upheaval in Japanese politics. 
The political landscape in South Asia showed improvement during the past year but remained strained and relatively hostile, according to a strategic survey released here Monday.  "On one level there was plenty to cheer about...India's secular polity fought a desperate battle with the forces of right-wing Hindu obscurantism and came up trumps," said the the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) Strategic Survey 1993-1994. 
The Israeli-Palestinian peace accord has redrawn the strategic landscape in the Middle East, where Israel's neighbors are concerned with the price of peace while the Gulf states are hoping for an economic windfall, a study shows.  The International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS), in its Strategic Survey 1993-1994 published here Monday, says peace talks between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), particularly on self-rule in Gaza and Jericho, took the countries of the region "by surprise". 
Cambodia's King Norodom Sihanouk has sent a warm message of condolence to the family of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, praising the former US first lady as a faithful friend of his country.  "On this sad occasion, we extend our deep and heartfelt condolences," King Sihanouk said in a message Friday following Onassis's death at her New York home from cancer, aged 64. 
Aden authorities proclaimed early Saturday an independent state in South Yemen, 16 days after becoming embroiled in a civil war with northern government forces.  Announcing the secession from the north after one of the bloodiest days of fighting since the conflict began, the south's leader Ali Salem al-Baid said in a televised address: "I proclaim the creation of the Yemeni Democratic Republic as an independent state with its capital in Aden." 
An Israeli commando abducted overnight the leader of a militant Islamic group from the Bekaa region of eastern Lebanon, an Israeli army spokesman said Saturday.  He said the soldiers seized Mustafa Dirani, the leader of the small Faithfull Resistance group which in October 1986 captured Israeli airman Ron Arad. 
A previously unclassified species of dolphin living in the Pearl River Delta faces possible extinction as a huge construction project endangers its habitat, marine biologists and conservationists said Saturday.  Work on Hong Kong's new 20.3-billion-dollar airport at Chek Lap Kok is putting the group of estuarine dolphins at risk of extinction even before scientists can study and identify them, said Lindsay Porter, a marine biologist studying the mammals. 
New Delhi model Sushmita Sen won the Miss Universe 1994 contest here Saturday, beating 76 other aspirants to the prestigious title.  The 18-year-old became India's first winner of the contest, unaware that police were investigating the possibility that a man killed in an explosion just before may have planned to disrupt the event. Police also held back feminist demonstrators. 
Following are the top 10 contestants in the Miss Universe 1994 contest in Manila on Saturday:  1. Miss India Sushmita Sen: Miss Universe 1994 
An Israeli commando aboard two helicopters abducted overnight a military leader of the pro-Iranian Hezbollah movement from the Bekaa region of eastern Lebanon, an Israeli army spokesman said Saturday.  He said the commando seized Mustafa Dirani at 02:00 a.m. (Friday 23:00 GMT) from a village in the eastern part of the Bekaa valley between Zahle and Baalbeck. 
Naga militants beheaded 16 members of a rival tribe inside a church in a village in eastern India, newspapers reported on Saturday.  Some 50 Nagas stormed the remote village of Sai Pimol in Manipur state on May 15. They herded a group of Kuki residents into the church, cut off their heads and burnt 13 houses before escaping, officials were quoted as saying. 
President Ali Abdallah Saleh Saturday rejected his rival Ali Salem al- Baid's announcement of an independent state in southern Yemen.  Saleh, speaking on Sanaa Radio, said the proclamation was "unlawful." 
World Cup co-hosts India and Pakistan have set aside their bitter political differences in an attempt to ensure the 1996 event is a success.  "We are one on this," said Madhavrao Scindia, the former Indian cricket chief who heads the Pak-India-Lanka joint organising committee (PILCOM). "Nothing will stop us from making it a grand success. 
A South Korean Air Force jet fighter with two pilots aboard disappeared off the country's southwestern coast in bad weather and is presumed to have crashed into the sea, a military spokesman said here Saturday.  The F-4 disappeared late Friday over Wi Island off the southwestern coast of South Korea, some 200 kilometers (122 miles) south of here, while on a training mission from Chongju Airbase, and both pilots were listed as missing, he said. 
A protest by engineers of state-run Indian Airlines' continued into its sixth day Saturday, disrupting flights and stranding hundreds of passengers, officials said.  The All India Aircraft Engineers Association (AIAEA) said no negotiations were in sight, although the airline's management Friday offered a productivity-linked 30 percent increase in wages in a bid to end the protest. 
Two former Formula One drivers and a Le Mans winner are being lined up to take part in China's first internationally recognized motor race in November.  Olivier Grouillard, Oscar Larrauri and former Le Mans victor John Neilsen will take part in the China-Zhuhai international race in Guangdong province on November 13, chief organiser Qi Jin Cheng said here Saturday. 
Chinese authorities have closed down four stock market-related journals in Shanghai for operating illegally, an official from the Shanghai Press and Publications Bureau said Saturday.  The official said Shanghai Stock Information, Shanghai Stock Exchange News, Shanghai Stock Express and Caitong weekly, had been fined and closed down recently, but declined to give further details. 
Fiji scored 10 tries as they beat New Zealand third division side East Coast 62-6 in their second rugby union tour match here Saturday.  The Fijians led 26-3 at halftime and increased that domination in the second half. They were too big and strong in the forwards for the home side and played an effective mauling game. 
President Ali Abdallah Saleh on Saturday rejected his rival Ali Salem al-Baid's announcement of an independent state in southern Yemen.  The proclamation was "unlawful" and would never be accepted, said Saleh at Moslem prayers to mark the feast of Al-Adha in a speech broadcast on Sanaa Radio. 
Sushmita Sen, an 18-year-old New Delhi model and fan of Mother Teresa, won the Miss Universe 1994 contest here Saturday to become the first Indian to wear the prestigious beauty crown.  A mysterious explosion that killed a man about a kilometer (less than a mile) from the contest venue and a march by feminists protesting against the "spectacle of female flesh" failed to disrupt the pageant, televised live to an estimated 600 million viewers. 
North Korea sent an urgent message to South Korea Saturday, protesting the defection of North Korean lumbermen in Siberia to the South and demanding their repatriation, a report said.  "The authorities of your side must unconditionally and promptly send all the kidnapped lumbermen back to the North and apologize to the nation and the world," a North Korean committee was quoted as saying by the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), monitored here. 
Controversial South African immigrant Jan Smith says he is not a white supremacist and never has been.  Smith arrived last month after being granted a residence permit and since then has been the target of anti-apartheid demonstrators in Auckland, where he lives. 
Fighters for notorious Burmese drug warlord Khun Sa are locked in major battle with Rangoon soldiers in eastern Burma's Shan State, sources and a news report said Saturday.  The fighting raging near Tachilek, across from Mae Sai in Thailand's northern Chiang Rai provence, is the heaviest in 40 years and has stranded tourists and frightened local residents, the Bangkok Post reported. 
An ASEAN business meeting due to be held here next week has been postponed because of Indonesian protests over a conference on East Timor being held in Manila, organizers said here Saturday.  Vicente Paterno, head of the steering committee of the East ASEAN Business Convention (EABC), said the decison to postpone the meeting was taken Friday in a telephone conference between representatives of Brunei, Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines. 
Istanbul officially announced its candidature to stage the 2004 Olympic games here on Saturday.  The International Olympic Committee confirmed the bid from Turkey's Olympic committee. The city also tried to stage the 2000 games, losing out to Sydney. 
Israeli commandos abducted a pro-Iranian Islamic leader in Syrian- controlled eastern Lebanon in a spectacular pre-dawn operation on Saturday, an army spokesman said.  Mustafa Dirani, whom Israel holds responsible for the capture of Israeli airman Ron Arad in Lebanon in 1986, was seized from his home in the village of Qsarnabaa in the eastern Bekaa Valley. 
The Irish Republican Army (IRA) announced Saturday that it had executed a man near Armagh, southwest of Belfast, because he had allegedly been spying on one of its militants  Police said they found the body of a man in a field, but gave no further details. 
Indonesia was Saturday toasting 14-year-old Mia Audina as the heroin of a famous victory over defending champions China in the Uber Cup final.  The teenager, criticised for being too young to make an international debut, faced Zhang Nin to decide the final with the score level at 2-2. 
North Korea said Saturday that "unreasonable acts" by the United States and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) had forced it to change fuel rods at a nuclear reactor without international supervision.  North Korea's replacement of the rods at an experimental nuclear plant in the absence of IAEA inspectors is "entirely an inevitable result of the unreasonable acts of the United States and the IAEA secretariat," North Korea's official party newspaper said. 
South Korean ambassador for nuclear affairs, Kim Sam-Hoon, has left for Washington for consultations with American officials on North Korea's suspected nuclear-arms program, a foreign ministry spokesman said Saturday.  Kim left here late Friday for a four-day stay in the United States, where he will meet with Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci and other US officials to discuss the latest developments in the row over North Korea's nuclear status. 
Thanong Siriprechapong, a Thai opposition MP accused by US authorities of drug trafficking, resigned Saturday but the parliamentary scandal on narcotics dealing seemed far from over.  Chart Thai party leader Banharn Silapa-archa announced that Thanong, who represented Nakhon Phanom district in the remote north-east, had left the party and so lost his legislative seat and with it his parliamentary immunity. 
Albania's last communist president, Ramiz Alia, and nine of his top aides went on trial Saturday for ordering summary executions and taking money from the public coffers.  The charges of criminal abuse of office also cover the shooting of fleeing refugees at the border and deportations. 
Southern Yemen declared independence on Saturday, after more than two weeks of civil war, but President Ali Abdallah Saleh vowed to fight on for the country's four-year-old unity.  Despite a three-day ceasefire announced for the Moslem feast of Al- Adha, a military spokesman in Sanaa accused the south of violating the truce on all fronts and bombardment was heard from the southern port city of Aden. 
Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh vowed here Saturday that his forces would capture the key port city of Aden after his southern rivals declared an independent state.  Saleh told a press conference at the presidential palace here: "We are now putting a military ring around Aden. 
Suspected Moslem fundamentalist militants fired on a passenger train in southern Egypt on Saturday, wounding a railworker, police said.  The gunmen opened fire from fields as the train passed by on its way from Aswan to Cairo. 
Malawians descended on Blantyre's football stadium Saturday for the inauguration of President-elect Bakili Muluzi after joyful workers spent the night tearing down pictures and other references to long- term ruler Hastings Kamuzu Banda.  "We didn't mind working overnight. It was actually a pleasure," said one of the workers as he prepared to remove the words "Long Live Kamuzu," displayed for many years within the 60,000 seat Kamuzu Stadium. 
Rwandan rebels pushed on Saturday with a violent  Abdul Kabia, contacted by telephone, said that the rebels from Rwandan Patriotic Front, dominated by the minority Tutsis, held the "advantage" in the latest fighting. 
South Korea launched its fourth submarine Saturday, a domestically- built, diesel-powered vessel which the navy said had the capacity to travel twice as fast as those operated by North Korea.  The national Yonhap news agency said the 1,200 tonne "Pakwi-Ham" built by Daewoo Shipyard and designed by Germany's HDW, was commissioned at a traditional ceremony on Koje Island. 
Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh called off a ceasefire on Saturday and vowed that his northern forces would capture the key port city of Aden after his southern rivals declared an independent state.  Saleh told a press conference at the presidential palace that fighting had raged on after southern forces ignored a three-day truce the north declared late Friday. 
Sicilian prosecutors demanded Saturday that Senator Giulio Andreotti, the seven-time Christian Democrat prime minister, be indicted on charges of collusion with organized crime.  The Palermo prosecutors office made its request to local judges after an investigation launched in March 1992 into Andreotti's alleged links to the Mafia. 
Italian prosecutors demanded Saturday that Senator Giulio Andreotti, the seven-time Christian Democrat prime minister, be indicted on charges of collusion with organized crime.  The Palermo prosecutors office made its request to local judges after an investigation launched in March 1992 into Andreotti's alleged links to the Mafia. 
Rwandan rebels pushed on Saturday with a violent  Abdul Kabia, contacted by telephone, said the rebels from the Tutsi- dominaed Rwandan Patriotic Front held the advantage in the latest fighting. 
Airborne Israeli commandos abducted a pro-Iranian Islamic leader in Syrian-controlled east Lebanon on Saturday in a daring operation aimed at tracing an airman missing for the last eight years.  Mustafa Dirani whom Israel holds responsible for the capture of Israeli airman Ron Arad in Lebanon in 1986 was seized from his home in the village of Qsarnabaa in the Bekaa Valley, an Israeli army spokesman said. 
The laying of wreaths by veterans of Nazi Germany's Waffen SS at the Normandy graves of fallen comrades provoked an outcry among Allied veterans, who called it "a catastrophe" and "indecent", reports said Saturday.  Some 15 former Waffen SS men from the 9th and 10th tank regiments laid the wreaths in two war cemeteries recently in ceremonies attended by the mayors of Maizet and Esquay Notre-Dame, villages in the Normandy region of Calvados. 
Heavy rain looked set to wash out the second one day international match between England and New Zealand at Lord's on Saturday.  No play was possible in the morning and umpires have decided on a further inspection at 13.00h GMT. 
Former Italian Christian Democrat prime minister Giovanni Goria died aged 51 of lung cancer Saturday at Asti, near Turin, associates announced.  Goria, an economist, led Italy's 47th post-war government from July 1987 to March 1988, heading a five-party centre-left team, and was several times finance minister. He also once held the agriculture portfolio. 
The Irish Republican Army (IRA) announced Saturday that it had executed a man near Armagh, southwest of Belfast, because he had allegedly been spying on one of its militants.  Police said they located the body of a man in a field near Armagh but were slowed down in collecting and identifying the corpse by fears that mines or other booby-traps might have been planted nearby. 
Australian opposition leader John Hewson on Saturday lost the support of his Liberal Party president and other key party figures in his battle to remain at the helm, following a week of political infighting.  Hewson, 47, sought to end mounting speculation about his future Friday when he called a special party meeting for 2.30 p.m. (0430 GMT) Monday, and declared all leadership positions vacant. 
The deputy president of the territorial assembly, Tinomana Ebb, and the minister of labour and solidarity, Raymond van Bastolaer, have been thrown out of the Pupu Here Aia party here, the party said Friday.  The president of the party, Jean Juventin, said the two men had carried on "activities contrary to the interests of the party." 
Joint Israeli and Palestinian patrols began operating Saturday in the newly-autonomous Gaza Strip, the head of the Palestinian police force Nasr Yussef said.  Nine began to patrol in the Strip and two were operating in the self- rule enclave of Jericho on the West Bank, a Palestinian police source said. 
Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh on Saturday called off a ceasefire and vowed to capture the key city of Aden after the south declared independence following more than two weeks of civil war.  His southern rival, Vice President Ali Salem al-Baid, announced in a televised address that he was proclaiming the creation of the Yemeni Democratic Republic (YDR) as an independent state with its capital in Aden. 
Flags were flying at half-mast in this small town in southern France Saturday to mark the death of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, whose Bouvier ancestors lived here.  Mayor Gilbert Baumet said he would propose renaming a street and the town hall's reception room after the former first lady of the United States, who died in New York Thursday. 
Israel abducted a leading Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief from his home in eastern Lebanon in a daring pre-dawn raid Saturday to unravel the mystery surrounding a missing Israeli airman.  Mustafa Dirani, 46, is accused by the Israelis of having captured Ron Arad in 1986, one of six Israelis missing in Lebanon since 1982 but the only one still thought to be alive. 
Hundreds of Somali refugees besieged a UN food depot here for the first handouts in two months, but 6,000 others remained trapped in crossfire Saturday in a camp to the east of Aden.  Two months' rations of basic foodstuffs were handed out to every Somali man, woman and child who turned up for Friday's distribution in Aden, said UNHCR officials. 
Italian prosecutors demanded Saturday that seven-time Christian Democrat prime minister Giulio Andreotti be indicted on charges of collusion with the Mafia.  The Palermo prosecutors office made its request to local judges after an investigation launched in March 1992 into the senator's alleged links to the Sicilian Mafia. 
A truck which picked up a crowd of children celebrating the Moslem feast of Al-Adha plunged into a canal on Saturday, drowning 17 of them and injuring six, Egyptian police said.  The accident happened on the road from Giza to Beni Seweif south of Cairo when a tyre blew and the driver lost control. 
The Irish Republican Army (IRA) announced Saturday that it had executed a man near Armagh, southwest of Belfast, because he had been spying on one of its militants.  Sources said the dead man was believed to be a British soldier. 
Israeli commandos met with no resistance as they kidnapped a Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief in a slick pre-dawn raid on his home on Saturday, his brother said.  "There were around 25 men all dressed in Israeli military uniform," said Sobhi Dirani, the brother of Mustafa Dirani who was snatched by the helicopter-borne commandos from his home in Syrian-controlled eastern Lebanon. 
Mustafa Dirani, who was abducted in a pre-dawn raid Saturday by Israeli commandos, was the leader of an Iranian-backed Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla movement which has claimed several anti- Israeli attacks.  Until 1988 the bearded 46-year-old father of three was chief of security for the pro-Syrian Moslem Shiite Amal movement. 
John Smith, the late leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party, was buried Saturday next to the remains of Scottish kings on this Hebrides island, eight days after dying of a heart attack.  Smith, himself a Scot, was laid to rest on the tiny island which where some 40 Scottish monarchs are buried, among them King Duncan, who died in 1040. Legend has it that Duncan's assassin, Macbeth, is also buried there. 
Flags were flying at half-mast in the small town of Pont-Saint-Esprit in southern France Saturday to mark the death of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, whose Bouvier ancestors lived there.  Mayor Gilbert Baumet said he would propose renaming a street and the town hall's reception room after the former first lady of the United States, who died in New York Thursday. 
The second round of peace talks between Sudan's Islamic fundamentalist military government and the mainly Christian southern rebels were adjourned Saturday after agreement on an agenda for the third round talks to be held from July 18, the Kenyan foreign ministry said.  A statement said that after three days of intense negotiations behind closed doors between representatives of the government and the two factions of the rebel Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA), the negotiators agreed on "principles for resolving the conflict in southern Sudan and interim arrangements and steps to be taken to resolve the conflict." 
Seventeen people were killed in the northern Indian state of Kashmir overnight, a day after Pakistani troops allegedly fired rockets at a television tower, the Press Trust of India (PTI) reported Saturday.  Ten Moslem militants and two security troopers were among those killed since Friday evening in separate gunbattles linked to the secessionist drive in the turbulent Himalayan province, a government spokesman told PTI. 
Students and youths in Pyongyang have staged an anti-US rally calling for an end to the US-led "nuclear racket" against North Korea, the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) reported.  Pyongyang's official news agency, monitored here, said the rally was held in response to a proposal from the South Korean headquarters of the National Alliance of Youth and Students for the Country's Reunification (Pomchonghakryon). 
Ball tampering has been practiced by all England's leading bowlers for at least 20 years, according to legendary all-rounder Imran Khan.  But the former Pakistani captain says the whole controversy could have been settled long ago, had it not been for dithering by the International Cricket Council and the Test and County Cricket Board, who have allowed the issue to get out of control. 
Israel praised itself Saturday on the "bold and pinpoint" operation in which it seized a pro-Iranian Islamic leader from Lebanon in a bid to win back an Israeli airman missing since 1986.  "The operation's main aim was to gain information about Ron Arad's fate as we have heard nothing about what has happened to him since he was captured," said Oded Ben Ami, a spokesman for Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. 
Republic of Ireland manager Jack Charlton is banking on his golden oldies for the World Cup finals -- with a squad boasting an astonishing 648 caps!.  That figure is even more remarkable, considering four of the USA party, Jason McAteer (Bolton), Phil Babb (Coventry), Gary Kelly (Leeds United) and Alan Kelly (Sheffield United), have only two caps each. 
The US is to reopen high-level talks with North Korea after administration officials decided the North has met key demands for international nuclear inspections, according to news reports here Saturday.  The decision was taken a a meeting of senior officials at the White House late Friday said the New York Times. 
Ukraine has written to the United Nations and NATO, where it recently joined the Partnership for Peace program, warning that moves by its secessionist Crimean republic threatened regional peace and stability, ITAR-TASS reported Saturday.  The message signed by Ukrainian Foreign Miniter Anatoli Zlenko said Ukraine "reserved the right," should the situation deteriorate, to take all necessary measures to safeguard its borders, but did not state what these would be. 
Albania's last communist president, Ramiz Alia, and nine of his top aides went on trial Saturday for ordering summary executions and taking money from the public coffers.  The charges of criminal abuse of office also cover the shooting of fleeing refugees at the border and deportations. 
Michael Stich saved two match points on his way to upsetting Pete Sampras 3-6 7-6 (9/7) 6-2 and give Germany the lead over the United States at the World Team Cup.  It was the world number one's first defeat in 30 matches, but he failed to take his chances and paid the price agaist a more resilient opponent. 
Allison Fisher of England confirmed her status as the world's best woman snooker player by winning her seventh world professional title here Saturday.  The 26-year-old Fisher reeled off the final five frames to defeat third-seeded compatriot Stacey Hillyard 7-3 in the best-of-13 frames final here and make it three-in-a-row in the world championships. 
North Korea has agreed to the visit of a new high-level mission of the International Atomic Energy agency (IAEA) to discuss the removal of fuel rods from its Yongbyon nuclear complex, the IAEA announced Saturday.  The mission will leave Vienna Sunday and arrive in North Korea Tuesday. 
The Iranian-backed Hezbollah called for a nationwide front to combat Israeli "terrorism" after the abduction of a Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief in a pre-dawn Israeli raid on Saturday.  "This crime shows there is no safe place in Lebanon. The Zionist danger threatens us all," Hezbollah said. 
A display featuring the Enola Gay, the B-29 bomber that dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima on August 6, 1945, has sparked a conflict of its own.  The display at the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum here features a restored Enola Gay, along with a description of events leading up to the dropping of atom bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki three days later that killed or injured a total of 205,000 people. 
North Korea has agreed to the visit of a new high-level mission of the International Atomic Energy agency (IAEA) to discuss the removal of fuel rods from its Yongbyon nuclear complex, the IAEA announced Saturday.  The mission which is composed of senior safeguards officials will leave Vienna Sunday and arrive in North Korea Tuesday. 
Both the United States and China would lose heavily if they launch a trade war over human rights, but the conflict would also be a major blow for Taiwan and Hong Kong, Asian analysts said.  While many predicted that US President Bill Clinton will seek to avoid the war, all agreed that tens of billions of dollars are at stake in lost exports and economic growth. 
Victims of "false memory syndrome" marked a milestone against psychiatrists with the court-room victory last week of a father over his daughter who said she remembered through psychological therapy being raped by him.  The 500,000 dollars in damages and interest the jury awarded to 50 -year-old Gary Ramona could signal - if it survives appeal - a reverse in legal trends, exposing practitioners who abuse their techniques to reveal "recovered memories" to a wave of litigation. 
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi visited Pope John Paul II Saturday in the Rome hospital where he has spent three weeks recovering from surgery, as a Vatican spokesman said the pope should be released by mid-week.  Joaquin Navarro, the pope's spokesman, said Saturday the pontiff would remain in hospital "three of four more days," in a brief statement from the Vatican. 
Relegated English Premier League club Sheffield United stayed off the beer long enough to draw the final match of their Australian football tour here on Saturday 1-1 with the Australian Olympic team.  Welsh international Nathan Blake put Sheffield ahead in the 25th minute, heading home a great cross from the right by Mitch Ward, after the English side had missed a string of good chances. 
Fierce battles between Rwanda's army and rebel fighters shook Kigali Saturday, preventing relief planes from landing and halting United Nations' efforts to pave the way for a new peacekeeping mission.  Rebel headquarters in the old parliament building took a vicious pounding from government mortars and howitzers, a UN spokesman said. 
Feuding Kurdish factions in northern Iraq have called a ceasefire and set up a joint body to implement the agreement, the Iraqi opposition said Saturday.  The Iraqi National Congress said the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) agreed to separate and withdraw their forces, implement previous agreements and set up a joint operations room. 
India on Saturday paid homage to slain prime minister Rajiv Gandhi on the third anniversary of his assassination which is being marked with pledges to fight terrorism.  Indian President Shankar Dayal Sharma, Gandhi's Italian-born widow Sonia and daughter Priyanka and a host of ministers, placed wreaths at his memorial set in a sprawling park here, reports said. 
Rain finally washed out New Zealand's second one-day international against England at Lord's on Saturday.  Umpires David Shepherd and Alan Whitehead abandoned all hope of play after a post-lunch pitch inspection. 
Bakili Muluzi was sworn in Saturday afternoon as Malawi's first democratically elected president at a colourful ceremony attended by about 80,000 people.  Muluzi and his deputy, Justin Malewezi, were sworn in by Chief Justice Richard Banda. 
Bakili Muluzi was sworn in Saturday afternoon as Malawi's first democratically elected president at a colourful ceremony attended by about 80,000 people in Kamuzu Stadium here.  Muluzi and his deputy, Justin Malewezi, were sworn in by Chief Justice, Richard Banda. 
Northern and southern Yemeni army units fought on all fronts Saturday as President Ali Abdallah Saleh called off a ceasefire after the south declared an independent state.  Both sides accused each other of initiating the latest clashes, after Sanaa had said a ceasefire would come into effect at midnight Friday for a three-day period to cover the Moslem feast of Al-Adha. 
Germany will play Spain in Sunday's final of the World Team Cup after Bernd Karbacher sealed an unbeatable lead over the United States here on Saturday.  He beat Michael Chang 6-4 6-2 following Michael Stich's 3-6 7-6 (9/7) 6-2 win over world number one Pete Sampras in the blue group. 
US-Japan talks aimed at breaking a three-month deadlock in trade negotiations went in to there third day here Saturday.  But US officials said the discussions would not start before the afternoon. 
Ukraine said Saturday it would not use force against Crimea unless separatists there resort to armed provocation, after telling the UN and NATO that moves by the republic threaten regional peace and stability.  "We will abstain from using force, unless of course another party launches armed provokations," Ukrainian Foreign Minister Anatoli Zlenko told AFP. 
Sheikh Hamdan Al Maktoum's 5-2 shot Mehthaaf, ridden by Willie Carson, won the Irish 1,000 Guineas from 5-4 favourite Las Meninas, ridden by John Reid, at The Curragh on Saturday.  9-2 Relatively Special, ridden by Cash Asmussen, was third. 
Germany's Michael Stich saved two match points to stun American world number one Pete Sampras here on Saturday and pave the way for a final showdown with Spain at the World Team Cup.  His victory was soon followed up by Bernd Karbacher, who repeated his 1993 French Open win over Michael Chang, winning 6-4 6-2. 
French international winger Philippe Saint-Andre scampered over in the left hand corner to grab a championship final place as Montferrand beat big favourites Grenoble 22-15 here on Saturday.  His side will meet Toulouse, who beat Dax 30-25 in the second semi- final, for the title at the Parc des Princes on Saturday, May 28. 
Natal trounced England 21-6 in their second tour match here on Saturday.  Natal 21 England 6 (half time 9-3) 
President Franjo Tudjman issued an ultimatum Saturday to secessionist Serbs based in the Krajina region to hand back the area to Croatian control within four months or face the consequences.  Tudjman said in a television address that Croatia was willing to use "all means" at its disposal to liberate its "occupied territories." 
President Nelson Mandela defended Saturday his party's 80 billion rand (21 billion dollar) plan to wipe out apartheid's backlogs, and lashed out at whites who had complained that the programme would cost too much.  Speaking at the funeral service here of longtime friend and fellow African National Congress (ANC) activist Elias Motsoaledi, Mandela said the five-year plan should not threaten the properties of whites or lead to a drop in living standards. 
Further US-Japan talks aimed at breaking a three-month deadlock in trade negotiations have been delayed until Monday at least said a US official here Saturday.  The talks had been expected to continue Saturday but late Saturday morning the official said no meetings were planned for Saturday or Sunday and that they would now resume most likely on Monday. 
Underdogs Dundee United ended Glasgow Rangers' dreams of the treble at Hampden Park on Saturday, by winning the Scottish FA Cup at Hampden Park.  Result: 
Negotiators from Angola's warring sides left here Saturday to consult their respective leaderships on the rebel UNITA movement's participation in a government of national unity, as peace talks reached a crucial stage.  Spokesman for the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA), Jorge Valentim, told AFP before leaving for his movement's headquarters in Huambo that the six month-old peace talks had reached the stage where consultations with the top leadership were necessary. 
Ardy Wiranata smashed his way to victory over Ong Ewe Hock to give Indonesia a winning 3-0 lead over their closest badminton rivals Malaysia in the Thomas Cup final here Saturday.  Wiranata sealed a double win for the Indonesians as the women's team won the Uber Cup from China on Friday. 
England's South African tour was in disarray here on Saturday after its full-strength Test line-up was thrashed 21-6 by Natal at King's Park.  England, whose second string lost their tour opener against Orange Free State in midweek, were desperate to restore morale, so much so that skipper Will Carling said he was taking the match as seriously as a Test. 
Jacqueline Onassis, a woman who led the latter half of her life secluded from the public eye, will rejoin slain President John F. Kennedy, resting at one of the nation's most popular tourist sites.  Plans call for private funeral services Monday in New York with burial following at Arlington National Cemetery, in Virginia, just outside Washington, Onassis' spokeswoman said. 
Willie Carson survived a stewards' inquiry at The Curragh to give trainer John Dunlop his first Irish 1,000 Guineas triumph in 24 years with the American filly Mehthaaf.  Hemmed in by Irishman Mick Kinane's Dancing Action, Carson bumped Cash Asmussen's mount Relatively Special as he made his move for the front at six furlongs, costing the US jockey a length and probable second place. 
Fredrik Lindgren of Sweden overshot the last two greens to drop shots but will still take a one stroke advantage into the final round of the Italian Open here on Sunday.  In glorious sunshine on Saturday, the 28-year-old who is based in Marbella, Spain, had a 69 for a 12-under par 204, just ahead of Argentinian Eduardo Romero and England's Paul Eales. 
Rival Yemeni army units clashed on all fronts Saturday as President Ali Abdallah Saleh called off a ceasefire and vowed to seize the key city of Aden to thwart the south's declaration of independence.  Both sides accused each other of initiating the latest fighting, after Sanaa had said a ceasefire would come into effect at midnight Friday for a three-day period to cover the Moslem feast of Al-Adha. 
Bakili Muluzi was sworn in Saturday as Malawi's first democraticaly- elected president, telling the 80,000 people attending his colourful inauguration ceremony that he had ordered all political prisoners released.  Muluzi arrived in the main stadium here in a Rolls Royce, escorted by a motorcade, to be sworn in along with his deputy, Justin Malewezi, by Chief Justice Richard Banda. 
Anger and shock gripped this village in the Syrian-controlled Bekaa Valley after the abduction of a pro-Iranian Moslem guerrilla chief in a slick Israeli pre-dawn airborne raid Saturday.  Mustafa Dirani, 46, is held responsible by Israel for the capture of airman Ron Arad whose plane was shot down over south Lebanon in 1986 during an Israeli bombing raid of a Palestinian refugee camp. 
China has met the two key requirements to have their most favored nation (MFN) status continued said US Commerce Secretary Ron Brown here Saturday.  And he warned that if MFN was not granted US businessmen could lose out to French, German and Japanese companies in the multi-million dollar Chinese market. 
The chairman of First Division club Millwall, facing action by the football authorities over a riot this week, has apologised for abusive comments he made about an opposing player.  Reg Burr had described Derby County's black defender Paul Williams, one of at least two Derby players punched by fans who invaded the pitch during Wednesday's play-off semi-final, as "unpleasant player" and "just one of those who attracts trouble and abuse." 
Thousands of starving Somali refugees trapped here by the Yemeni civil war were in desperate need of food, water, shelter and medical help, as intense fighting stranded a UN food convoy in Sanaa Saturday.  More than two weeks after the conflict erupted, the refugees in Al- Koud, a ramshackle village some 52 kilometres (32 miles) from the southern port city of Aden were still trapped in crossfire between the rival north and south forces. 
Ukraine Saturday said it would not use force against Crimea unless separatists there resort to armed provocation after telling the United Nations and NATO that moves by the secessionist republic threatened regional peace and stability.  Ukrainian Foreign Miniter Anatoli Zlenko wrote to the United Nations and NATO warning that his country "reserved the right," should the situation deteriorate, to take all necessary measures to safeguard its borders, but did not state what these would be, ITAR-TASS news agency said. 
A late strong bid for the Golden Palm emerged Saturday, with the premiere of the latest work from Quentin Tarantino, director of the cult "Reservoir Dogs."  Demand for seats at a preview screening of "Pulp Fiction" was so strong that many journalists were unable to get in -- the organizers had the thankless task of trying to squeeze 3,500 hacks into 1,000 seats. 
Tangerine dreamers Dundee United sent their fans into raptures and vindicated Serbian manager Ivan Golac's apparent blind optimism by beating treble-chasing Glasgow Rangers 1-0 in the Scottish FA Cup final.  Golac had refused to contemplate anything but victory at Hampden Park, despite United having failed in six previous finals, and striker Craig Brewster repaid his faith with probably the easiest goal of his career. 
Two young US filmmakers took the top prizes in the Critics' Week section of the Cannes film festival Saturday, one of them a first-time feature made for just 27,000 dollars.  The prize for a feature-length film in the section was awarded to the low-budget "Clerks," by 23-year prize US filmmaker Kevin Smith, while the short award was given to "Performance Anxiety" by David Ewing. 
English champions and FA Cup winners, Manchester United, have parted company with long-serving physiotherapist Jim McGregor "by mutual consent".  McGregor, a popular figure with the Old Trafford crowd, was previously with Oldham and Everton. 
Further US-Japan talks aimed at breaking a three-month deadlock in trade negotiations have been delayed until Monday, said a US official here Saturday.  The talks had been expected to continue Saturday but late Saturday morning the official said no meetings were planned for Saturday or Sunday and that they would now resume most likely on Monday. 
Northern Yemeni troops have moved east into the oil-rich Shabwa region to attack forces loyal to southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid, local commanders said.  Colonel Muhammad Ismail, commander of northern forces in Mukayras, about 225 (140 miles) kilometres northeast of Aden, told reporters: "We want to open a front to go to the eastern province (of Hadhramaut)." 
A late strong bid for the Golden Palm emerged Saturday with the premiere of the latest work from Quentin Tarantino, director of the cult movie "Reservoir Dogs."  Demand for seats at a preview screening of "Pulp Fiction" was so strong that many journalists were unable to get in -- the organizers had the thankless task of trying to squeeze 3,500 hacks into 1,000 seats. 
Gabriela Sabatini is one match away from ending her two year run without a tournament victory.  The Argentinian, whose last win was at the 1992 Italian Open, meets Mary Joe Fernandez in the final of the Strasbourg tournament here on Sunday after beating rising young Croat Iva Majoli and Austria's Judith Wiesner in the quarter and semi-finals here on Saturday. 
Dundee United cup hero Craig Brewster had the memories of final defeats as a fan to spur him on at Hampden Park.  Brewster, who followed the Tannadice club as a boy, had suffered the heartbreak of watching them fail from the terraces in previous finals. 
A league match between arch-rivals Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates was abandoned Saturday when rioting fans invaded the pitch and set fire to part of the giant FNB stadium in Soweto.  The fighting began in the second half when Chiefs, leading 1-0, were awarded a disputed penalty. 
Ivan Lendl's preparations for next week's French Open received a setback when he was beaten in the final of an exhibition tournament here by Dutchman Jacco Eltingh.  Final 
Ardy Wiranata smashed his way to victory over Ong Ewe Hock to give Indonesia a winning 3-0 lead over their closest badminton rivals Malaysia in the Thomas Cup final here Saturday.  Roared on by 10,000 flag waving supporters, Wiranata sealed a double win for the Indonesians as the women's team won the Uber Cup from China on Friday. 
Former Russian vice-president Alexander Rutskoi called Saturday for early presidential elections and the expansion of a revitalised Russian superpower to the borders of the former Soviet Union, news agencies said.  Rutskoi, principal leader of the October parliamentary uprising, told the opening congress of his People's Party of a Free Russia, its top priority was "the battle for early presidential elections." 
North Korea has agreed to the visit of a new high-level mission of the International Atomic Energy agency (IAEA) to discuss the removal of fuel rods from its controversial Yongbyon nuclear complex, the IAEA announced Saturday.  The mission which is composed of senior safeguards officials will leave Vienna Sunday and arrive in North Korea Tuesday. 
The outlawed Irish Republican Army abducted and killed a British soldier in the province, police said Saturday, after the IRA had earlier accused the man of spying on one of its members.  Police located the body of the man in a field near Armagh, southwest of Belfast, but attempts to collect and identify the body were slowed down by fears that mines or other booby-trap devices might have been planted nearby. 
An official of the neo-fascist National Alliance was wounded Saturday when masked assailants attacked the party's offices here, police said.  The attack came on the sidelines of an anti-fascist demonstration in this northern town a day after legislators confirmed Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and his government of conservatives, neo-fascists and federalists in office. 
Close of play scores on Saturday, third day of English county championship matches.  Gateshead: Durham 305 (W Larkins 158 not out, C A Walsh 5 88) and 173 (J I Longley 71 not out, A M Smith 5-40), Gloucestershire 169 and 196-8 (T H C Hancock 61, J Wood 5-43). 
The leader of Lebanon's Shiite community called on the UN Security Council and civil rights groups late Saturday to secure the release of the abducted pro-Iranian Moslem guerrilla chief Mustafa Dirani.  Sheikh Mohammed Mehdi Shamsaddin condemned Dirani's abduction as "an act of piracy" which violated "Lebanon's sovereignty and was against international law." 
UN special envoy to ex-Yugoslavia, Yasushi Akashi, has written to the warring parties in Bosnia calling for a speedy resumption of talks on a republic-wide ceasefire, the UN Protection Force said here Saturday.  In letters sent to Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic and Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic the UN special representative proposed "a framework for an immediate end to fighting which includes provisions for the disengagement of forces and the interpositioning of UNPROFOR between those forces." 
Bosnian Serb forces agreed Saturday to pull 150 armed policemen out of the eastern town of Gorazde, a month after the expiry of a NATO deadline ordering the complete withdrawal of Serb forces from the town.  Under the agreement, due to come into force at 6:00 p.m. (1600 GMT) Sunday, the armed Serbs will pull back from a UN-declared three kilometre (two mile) exclusion zone around central Gorazde, UNPROFOR spokesman Major Rob Annink said here. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin will meet with Chechnya's separatist leader Dzhokhar Dudayev in a bid to defuse the crisis in the Caucasus region, ITAR-TASS news agency reported Saturday.  Sergei Filatov, head of the president's office, did not give the date of the proposed meeting which could be a starting point for normalizing relations between Russia and its separatist region which proclaimed independence in late 1991. 
West Indian bowler Courtney Walsh produced a brave display of batting to keep his English county, Gloucestershire, alive in the only substantial action of a rain-hit Saturday.  John Wood had bowled Durham to the verge of their second victory of the season against at Gateshead Fell, bagging five for 43. 
Dicky the dog escaped conviction in a paternity suit Saturday after a French court ruled there was insufficient evidence to suggest he had fathered two young pups.  The case was brought by the owner of Dolly, a young bitch in whom Dicky, from the Breton village of Guilligomarc'h, had developed a keen interest. 
The Russian parliament has decided to split use of the building which until last November housed the Lenin museum between itself and the Moscow history museum, Interfax news agency said Saturday.  The Duma will set aside one large reception hall inside the red-brick baroque building near Red Square for its own use, with the history museum taking over the rest. 
US and Japanese negotiators were to meet Saturday to try to break a three-month deadlock in trade talks, a US official said.  "Both sides felt that it would be important to meet this afternoon to further clarify and address the issues on the table," said Anne Luzzatto, spokeswoman for the US Trade Representative. 
Refugees in Croatia are being refused burial rights in Zagreb cemeteries and may only be cremated, the Helsinki-based Human Rights Committee said Saturday.  The committee said the ruling, which it condemned as a "gross violation of human and religious rights," had been made by municipal authorities in Zagreb last autumn. 
Guerrilla chief Mustafa Dirani was abducted by Israel only to gain information about missing airman Ron Arad and not to be used in a trade, Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Saturday.  "The aim was solely to obtain information on the fate of the pilot who was captured by Dirani's men," Rabin told reporters. 
Flamboyant soccer boss and self-made millionaire Bernard Tapie accused opponents Saturday of trying to use a string of legal and financial problems to wreck his European parliament election campaign.  Speaking on the private TF1 television channel Tapie denied he had breached agreements with his bank, the troubled state-owned Credit Lyonnais, on the repayments of loans totalling 180 million dollars, of which 61 million dollars are due immediately. 
Chile is seeking associate status with the South American trade bloc Mercosur, President Eduardo Frei said Saturday.  Mercosur groups Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay in a mega- market of more than 190 million consumers. Its members are aiming to remove all trade barriers among them by 1995. 
Luis Fernandez, who will train French champions Paris St. Germain next season, was given a tremendous send-off by the home fans at Cannes on Saturday when his team clinched the last available UEFA Cup place for next season thanks to a goalless draw with St. Etienne.  Despite having to share the points with the visitors Cannes just pipped recent French Cup finalists Montpellier for the last berth after Montpellier were beaten 3-2 at Lyon. 
Hakeem Olajuwon scored 37 points and grabbed 17 rebounds Saturday to lead the Houston Rockets to a 104-94 victory over Phoenix and a place in the semi-finals of the National Basketball Association playoffs.  Phoenix' Charles Barkley was ejected, along with Houston's Vernon Maxwell, with less than eight seconds left in the game when the Rockets' lead was secure. 
Northern Yemeni leaders denounced the southern declaration of independence as treason late Saturday and hinted they could break off links with countries dealing with the new republic.  Three senior government figures said the south's secession four years after former North and South Yemen were unified in May 1990 was "an act of high treason which had to be punished," in a statement quoted by the agency SABA. 
Determined to make up time on lead yacht Yamaha, Europe's Intrum Justicia took an early lead at the start of the final-leg of the Whitbread 'Round the World' Race here Saturday.  Intrum Justicia, skippered by Lawrie Smith, was the first of 14 boats to round the four-mile mark of the 3,818-mile leg to Southampton, England, and quickly built a six-minute advantage over Yamaha, which enjoyed a 10-and-a-half hour lead after five legs in the Whitbread 60 class. 
Argentina's Julio Cesar Vasquez retained his World Boxing Association (WBA) light-middleweight title when the referee stopped his contest with Russian Ahmet Dottuev in the second round of a scheduled 12-round contest. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat pledged Saturday to found a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital, the Palestinian WAFA agency said.  In a speech marking the Moslem feast of Al-Adha, the Palestine Liberation Organisation leader said the implementation of limited Palestinian autonomy in West Bank town of Jericho and the Gaza Strip was a step towards realising that ambition. 
Haitians braced for tighter UN sanctions set to take effect at midnight Saturday designed to press their country's military rulers to step down.  The international diplomatic effort was drawing bitter complaints that the near-total trade embargo only would hurt the destitute in the Americas' poorest country. 
Luis Fernandez, who will train French champions Paris St. Germain next season, was given a rousing send-off by the home fans at Cannes on Saturday when his team clinched the last available UEFA Cup place for next season.  On the final day of the Championship, Cannes held St. Etienne to a goalless draw while the other contenders for the final European berth, Montpellier, were beaten 3-2 at Lyon. 
Please readXXX stopped contest in the tenth round (rpt tenth sted second round) of a scheduled 12-round contest. (Corrected Lead follows immediately). 
Julio Cesar Vasquez showed a true champion's resilience and got off the canvas to retain his WBA light-middleweight title after a bruising contest with Russia's Ahmat Dottouev here Saturday night.  Vasquez, 27, and defending his title for a seventh time, floored a fast-fading and clearly distressed Dootouev three times after 47 seconds of round ten to win on the three knockdown rule. 
A faction from Ali Salem al-Baid's Yemeni Socialist Party pledged their support for the country's unity Saturday, denouncing the southern strongman as a "traitor" for declaring an Aden-based independent state, Sanaa radio said.  In a report monitored by the BBC, the committee of the party's Fatah faction sent a telegramme to president Ali Abdallah Saleh expressing support for the country's unity and urging him to make a determined stand against moves to divide the country. 
German league champions Bayern Munich, playing without four of their key players, still showed up weaknesses in the United States defence Saturday and scored a 3-2 victory in a pre-World Cup friendly.  The United States switched to their five-man defence for the first time this season, but still let slip one-goal leads. 
Yemen's rival armies were locked in a fight to the finish Sunday after President Ali Abdallah Saleh vowed to crush an independence declaration by his southern foes.  Fighting in the civil war was concentrated on the approaches to the key southern bastion of Aden, which Saleh vowed to capture after his former vice president, Ali Salem al-Baid, declared it the capital of a breakaway state. 
Britain's Chris Eubank retained his World Boxing Organisation (WBO) super-middleweight crown here Saturday when he outpointed compatriot Ray Close over 12-rounds.  It was the 27-year-old Eubank's tenth world title defence. He bacme champion in 1992. 
Tabasco Cat, the horse that nearly cost trainer D. Wayne Lukas' son Jeff his life, gave Lukas his third Preakness Stakes title Saturday with a victory over Kentucky Derby winner Go for Gin.  Tabasco Cat, ridden by Pat Day, completed the one and three-sixteenths mile race in one minute, 56 and two-fifths seconds. 
US and Japanese negotiators appeared to be making progress in efforts to break a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade talks after an hour-long meeting Saturday, and said they would meet again Monday.  "We are having good meetings and we are going forward," a Japanese official close to the delegation said after the two sides met for an hour at the US Trade Representative's office, their fifth meeting since the talks began Thursday. 
Anti-Israeli militants vowed to step up their fight against Israel after commandos kidnapped a Moslem guerrilla chief in Syrian- controlled eastern Lebanon to try to win back a missing Israeli airman.  Airborne Israeli commandos flew into the Bekaa Valley under cover of darkness and snatched Mustafa Dirani, 46, from his home in Qsarnabaa in a pre-dawn raid on Saturday. 
Luis Fernandez, who will train French champions Paris St. Germain next season, was given a rousing send-off by the home fans at Cannes on Saturday when his team clinched the last available UEFA Cup place for next season.  On the final day of the Championship, Cannes held St. Etienne to a goalless draw while the other contenders for France's final European berth, Montpellier, were beaten 3-2 at Lyon. 
Sunday's final of the 300,000 dollar ATP tournament here will be an all-Spanish affair with top-seed Alberto Berasategui facing third-seed Javier Sanchez.  Berasategui beat Italian Stefano Pescosolido 6-3, 6-2 while Sanchez defeated sixth-seeded Czech Slava Dosedel 7-5, 6-2. 
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama called Saturday during a visit to Russia, for a referendum to decide the future of Tibet, ITAR-TASS news agency said in a report monitored here by the BBC.  The Dalai Lama said in an interview with the Moscow-based news agency that he would "find ways and means to hold a referendum on the future of Tibet" which Beijing now considers part of China. 
Italian prosecutors demanded Saturday that seven-time Christian Democrat prime minister Giulio Andreotti be indicted on charges of collusion with the Mafia.  The Palermo prosecutors office made its request to local judges after an investigation launched in March 1992 into the senator's alleged links to the Sicilian Mafia. 
Britain's Chris Eubank once again walked the tight-rope to keep his World Boxing Organisation (WBO) super-middleweight title at the King's Hall here Saturday night -- earning a split decision over local fighter Ray Close .  Eubank held off the busy twelve round effort of Ulsterman Ray Close to win the verdict -- but the judges appeared to be watching different fights. 
Tom Lehman fought off the effects of the 'flu here Saturday to put himself in the driver's seat going into the final round of The Memorial golf tournament with one round to play.  Lehman, who let the third-round lead get away in the Masters last month, took advantage of a two-shot swing at the final hole to stretch his lead to four strokes over fellow American John Cook. 
The Utah Jazz staved off a potentially humiliating defeat Saturday with 91-81 victory over Denver to reach the semi-finals of the National Basketball Association playoffs.  Karl Malone scored 31 points, hitting 21 of 23 shots, and also grabbed 14 rebounds as Utah earned a Western Conference finals clash with Houston. 
Hakeem Olajuwon scored 37 points and grabbed 17 rebounds Saturday to lead the Houston Rockets to a 104-94 victory over Phoenix and a place in the semi-finals of the National Basketball Association playoffs.  Phoenix' Charles Barkley was ejected, along with Houston's Vernon Maxwell, with less than eight seconds left in the game when the Rockets' lead was secure. 
President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary, will attend Monday's burial of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia, the White House said Saturday.  "The White House is ready to assist the Kennedy family in any way," deputy press secretary Ginny Terzano said. 
Israel will keep the Gaza Strip completed sealed until Palestinian security forces have set up their own checkpoints to ensure against further attacks on Israelis, Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Saturday.  "We will close the Gaza Strip until Palestinian police have set up their own roadblocks 200 metres (yards) from Israeli crossing points," Rabin told journalists here. 
An historic documentation centre established in memory of Andrei Sakharov was inaugurated Saturday, the 73rd anniversary of the late Nobel peace prize laureate's birth, press reports said here.  The Andrei Sakharov archives contain several thousand manuscripts, scientific papers, books and family documents, some dating back to the 18th century, said Yelena Bonner, the widow of the celebrated dissident, academic and scientist who died in 1989. 
Guatemala's government and leftist rebels resumed peace talks in this Mexican city Saturday, working toward a final pact that would end more than 30 years of civil war.  President Ramiro de Leon Carpio's representative, Hector Rosada, and leaders of the rebel umbrella group Guatemalan National Revolutionary Unity focused on how to end the plight of up to three million people displaced by the conflict, sources close to the talks said. 
A Chilean trade mission led by Economy Minister Alvaro Garcia headed to China Saturday for talks on broadening bilateral trade, the government announced.  The delegation of business leaders and members of President Eduardo Frei's government will be in China through May 31, prior to visiting Hong Kong. 
Honda's uncompetitive Indy-car engine suffered a humiliating fate Saturday, being secretly withdrawn from the Indianapolis 500.  Bobby Rahal and Mike Groff, who had qualified the Honda-powered cars, safely requalified in faster backup cars for the May 29 race thanks to help from rivals Roger Penske and enginemaker Ilmor. 
President Bill Clinton signed an executive order Saturday to implement the tougher UN trade embargo due to be slapped on Haiti within hours.  The embargo was to take effect after midnight Saturday (0400 GMT Sunday) unless Haiti's military rulers resign to allow the reinstatement of democratically elected president Jean-Bertrand Aristide. He was ousted by Haiti's military rulers in September 1991 and lives in exile in Washington. 
A five-man presidential council for the independent state newly proclaimed in south Yemen was named overnight Saturday, it was officially announced in Aden.  Its members were appointed by the provisional Council of National Salvation -- a body composed of elected parliamentary deputies from the south, religious leaders and representatives of political parties and political leaders. 
Faced with opposition charges of fraud, the Dominican Republic's national electoral board announced Saturday a vote-by-vote recount of ballots cast in Monday's presidential election.  The board's president, Manuel Garcia Lizardo, said the recount due to begin Wednesday should get to the bottom of charges by the top opposition candidate, Jose Francisco Pena Gomez, that thousands of registered voters were taken off voting lists. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat's intention of returning in triumph to the West Bank within the next three weeks has set Israeli nerves jangling and launched preparations for huge protests.  The anger generated in Israel this week after it was revealed that Arafat had called for a holy war to liberate Jerusalem, offered an early warning of the fiery passions likely to be unleashed. 
Betsy King carded her second consecutive two-under-par 70 here Saturday to inch into a one-shot lead after two rounds of the Lady Keystone golf tournament.  Overnight pacesetter Missie Berteotti squandered a three-shot lead with a second-round 75 to let King through with a total of 140. 
The conflicting security demands of Russia and eastern Europe have forced NATO into a difficult balancing act for the visit here Tuesday of Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev.  The Russian general has said he will present Moscow's terms for joining NATO's partnership-for-peace programme of military cooperation with the countries of the former Soviet bloc. 
World record-holder Javier Sotomayor launched the 1994 Grand Prix athletics season with a high-jump victory here Saturday.  The Cuban cleared 2m36 -- one of half-a-dozen meet records to be rewritten. 
Honda's uncompetitive Indy-car engine suffered a humiliating fate Saturday, being secretly withdrawn from the Indianapolis 500.  Bobby Rahal and Mike Groff, who had qualified the Honda-powered cars, safely requalified in faster backup cars for the May 29 race thanks to help from rivals Roger Penske and enginemaker Ilmor. 
A time bomb was found in a department store visited by Prince Charles, heir to the British throne, during his recent visit to Saint Petersburg, Moscow television said Saturday in a report monitored in London.  The television said security guards found a bomb on May 16 in the Littlewoods store on Saint Petersburg's Tukhachevsky Avenue. 
A large explosion, believed to have been caused by a missile fired by northern Yemen forces, rocked Aden early Sunday morning, military sources said.  The sources said the blast, which struck around 12:30 a.m. (0030 GMT), was probably caused by a Scud missile. 
As the Cannes filmfest nears its climax Monday, the race for the coveted Golden Palm is finally narrowing, with Poland's Krzysztof Kieslowski emerging as the frontrunner for the top award.  But, with all save a few of the 23 competition films viewed, observers stress that no single film has proved outstanding, and that a surprise winner cannot be ruled out. 
Police were Sunday questioning a 50-year-old man and several other people in connection with the murders of seven backpackers, most of them tourists, a police spokeswoman said.  Police searched homes in the Sydney area and other locations in New South Wales before the man, identified as a truck driver, and "a number of other people" were interviewed, a police spokeswoman said. 
Rahal proved that by saying he was thankful for not having to make a decision he had already made -- choosing to dump the Honda cars.  "I wish it could have been Honda but I'm pleased the ordeal is over," Rahal said. "I can't tell you how much I appreciate what Ilmor did. They could have been difficult because we work with Honda. But they were great. And when we had a question about handling, Penske gave us a straight answer." 
A missile believed to have been fired by north Yemen forces slammed into an eastern district of Aden early Sunday killing two people and wounding three others, rescue workers said.  The missile fell on a house in the Khormaqsar district causing widespread damage and cutting electricity supplies to the area. 
President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary, will attend Monday's burial of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia, the White House said Saturday.  Hillary Clinton also will attend Onassis' private funeral in New York earlier Monday. 
More than 1,000 Israeli rightwingers opposed to the accords on Palestinian autonomy clashed with police Saturday night in downtown Jerusalem.  Two policemen were slightly injured, police said. 
A scathing indictment of President Bill Clinton's foreign policies has been made by the International Institute of Strategic Studies in a survey released Monday.  Clinton has suffered "embarrassing foreign policy fiascos in Somalia and Haiti", said the group, an independent London-based think tank dealing with international security, conflict and arms issues. 
Democracy continues to make progress in Latin America in spite of economic and social difficulties confronting the nations of that region, said the International Institute of Strategic Studies in its annual report published Monday.  Under the title "Latin America: Still Struggling", the IISS, an independent London-based think tank dealing with international security, conflict and arms issues, presents a cautiously optimistic picture of the region's future. 
Uncertainties facing Russia are weighing heavily on its neighbours, increasing feelings of insecurity in central Europe and the Causcasus over Moscow's bid to extend its sphere of influence, an international strategy report said Monday.  In its 1993-4 report published here Monday, the International Institute of Strategic Studies (IISS), an independent think tank dealing with international security issues, said Russia had experienced both extreme lows and highs in the last 12 months. 
The situation in Algeria where the authorities "demonised" Islamic fundamentalists shows it is better to bring them into the political process, the International Institute of Strategic Studies said in a report published on Monday.  The annual report of the London-based think tank included a lengthy chapter on what it called "political Islam" in which it said Algeria should be a lesson to other North African countries and to the West not to sideline the fundamentalists. 
The year 1993 was a bad one for Africa marked by warfare and famine over much of the continent, with encouraging prospects perceived in just a few countries like South Africa, the International Institue of Strategic Studies said in a report out Monday.  The report by the London-based think tank said the title of a book by Nigerian writer Chinua Achebe "Things fall apart" aptly summed up the situation in Africa. 
The past year was another "lost year" for the Balkans where the absence of any prospect of a comprehensive settlement in Bosnia- Hercegovina carries the threat of conflict for years to come, the International Institute of Strategic Studies (IISS) said in report Monday.  The IISS, an independent think tank dealing with international security, conflict and arms issues, said the war in Bosnia had "lurched from one atrocity to another" with ceasefire merely being used by the belligerents as "pauses for breath" between offensives. 
Diplomats now drive all the way from Damascus to play at Lebanon Golf Club, where bombs and bullets used to provide an alternative to the more usual hazards of sand traps and lakes.  It's a far cry from the dark days when Israeli tanks flattened everything in sight, including the club house, and the fratricidal civil war turned the fairways into a battle zone. 
China has dismissed a report by a US human rights group that hundreds of previously unknown prisoners arrested after the 1989 pro-democracy crackdown are serving lengthy jail terms.  "This is a sheer fabrication," a foreign ministry spokesman was quoted as saying by the official Xinhua news agency late Saturday. 
Police conducting Australia's biggest murder hunt were Sunday questioning a 50-year-old man in connection with the serial killing of seven backpackers, five of them foreign tourists.  A 50-year-old truck driver was detained in a Sydney suburb after a dawn swoop on nine homes by hundreds of officers. 
A total trade embargo which excludes only food and medicines went into effect against Haiti at midnight Saturday (04:00 GMT Sunday) following the refusal of the country's military rulers to step down.  An AFP correspondent in Port-au-Prince said the situation there was calm with ordinary people resigned to the hardships ahead. 
Hong Kong's electronic prowess has come up with an enterprising way to cut the number of stray dogs -- all of man's best friends in the territory could get microchip implants.  The government has started a trial to electronically tag the 160,000-strong canine population. It wants to cut the 18,000 dogs abandoned each year and curb attacks on people, press reports said Sunday. 
More wild and unruly celebrations tarnished Indonesia's ninth Thomas Cup triumph over defending champions Malaysia here on Saturday night.  Amidst fears of a repeat of mobbing that marked the Indonesian women's triumph over China in Friday's Uber Cup final, organisers called off the final when Ardy Wiranata beat Ong Ewe Hock to give the host nation an unbeatable 3-0 unbeatable lead. 
Cambodia's Khmer Rouge guerrillas Sunday denied being behind a grenade attack on the Malaysian Embassy in Phnom Penh last week.  In a broadcast monitored in Bangkok, Khmer Rouge radio "officially and completely" denied involvement in the attack, which some have linked to Phnom Penh's requests for foreign military aid. 
A first batch of 300 Pakistan army personnel have left for the Slovak Republic to prepare to take part in the international peacekeeping force in Bosnia-Hercegovina, official reports said Sunday.  They will undergo two weeks training before flying to Bosnia to join the force. 
An unexpected end to the Philippines' power crisis has left a lot of businessmen with idle generators on their hands.  Having cashed in on power cuts, the businessmen now talk about exporting their once-treasured workhorses to Papua New Guinea, China and countries in the former Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, where power is still in short supply. 
King Norodom Sihanouk appealed to the Cambodian government and Khmer Rouge Sunday for an unconditional ceasefire if the two sides fail to find a political solution to the country's civil war at peace talks this week.  "I beg you ... to accept an unconditional, immediate, complete, lasting and irreversible ceasefire over all Cambodia," if a political solution is not reached, the king said in a letter released from his residence in Beijing. 
Far from anticipating new opportunities if the United States does not renew trading privileges for China, Asia-Pacific nations say they would suffer.  Analysts and government officials across the continent say their economies, now closely linked to China's, would be hurt more than helped if President Bill Clinton decided to withhold Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status to punish Beijing for human rights violations. 
A Moslem militant leader recently released from prison has said separatist unrest in Kashmir could end if India opened unconditional talks with Kashmiris and Pakistan.  Yasin Malik, who spent four years in prison after launching the latest separatist campaign in 1989, made the offer on Saturday from his hospital bed in the Kashmiri summer capital of Srinigar, Indian newspapers reported Sunday. 
As China pushes hard for early re-entry to the GATT, senior trade experts here are sounding warning bells that membership of the world trade body could pose serious threats to the country's booming economy.  Although China stands to reap long-term benefits from rejoining the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), the immediate opening of the Chinese market to sophisticated foreign competitors -- especially in the service sector -- will adversely effect the country's balance of payments and trade deficit. 
Australia came back from a goal down to draw 1-1 with Japan in the opening match of the three-team Kirin Cup tournament here on Sunday.  The new-look Japanese side, playing their first game under new Brazilian coach Falcao, took an early lead when Tetsuya Asano flicked in on a free kick in the sixth minute. 
One year after millions of voters turned out for UN-sponsored polls in Cambodia, the country is still paralyzed by civil war and inefficient government, making many Cambodians wonder if it was all worthwhile.  Some 90 percent of the electorate voted in Cambodia's first free elections in three decades, seen as a major success for the United Nations, which poured more than two billion dollars and 20,000 peacekeeping troops into the country. 
Israel stepped up security on Sunday fearing possible attacks as the interrogation of kidnapped Moslem Shiite leader Mustafa Dirani continued, military officials and state radio reported.  The questioning of the 46-year-old, head of the pro-Iranian "Resistance of the Faithful" who was snatched in a daring airborne raid in Lebanon on Saturday, was taking place at an undisclosed location, the officials said. 
The new leader of Thailand's largest opposition party, Chart Thai, has managed to turn recent scandals involving party MPs to his advantage, positioning himself as a possible future prime minister.  When the party should have been reeling from allegations of drug trafficking, illegal gambling and corruption among members, Banharn Silpa-archa won sympathetic treatment in the local press for his actions. 
Israel's abduction of the pro-Iranian querrilla chief Mustafa Diran in Lebanon was a "terrorist act," Iranian state radio said Sunday.  In a commentary, the radio called on the international community to condemn the kidnapping, showed the "weakness" of the Israelis. 
Russia launched a cargo rocket Saturday from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to resupply three cosmonauts who have been aboard the space station Mir for more than four months, ITAR-TASS reported.  The agency, quoting Russia's space centre, said the rocket lifted off at 7:30 a.m. (0330 GMT) with 2.2 tonnes of equipment and food aboard. 
The All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce has called on the government to set up private banks to supply individual businesses with much-needed cash for capital construction, the China Daily Business Weekly reported.  The radical move was called for by the deputy director of the FIC's economic department, Gu Qixuan. 
Public order in China has gravely deteriorated this year and urgent steps are required to prevent serious unrest, a senior communist party official was quoted as saying Sunday.  In a markedly frank assessment of current trends threatening social stability across the country, the director of the party's Central Committee for Comprehensive Management of Public Security, Ren Jianxin, said particular attention nedded to be paid to signs of unrest in the countryside. 
The following is a list of the main United Nations sanctions against Haiti, provided for by UN Security Council resolution 917 and which came into force at 0400 GMT Sunday:  COMPLETE COMMERCIAL EMBARGO: 
Unconfirmed reports indicate that Rwandan rebels have captured Kigali airport, the UN Assistance Mission for the tiny central African state reported Sunday.  A fierce battle between Rwanda's mainly Hutu army and the Tutsi- dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front at the airport continued Sunday, preventing relief planes from landing for the fourth day in a row and halting UN efforts to pave the way for a new peacekeeping mission, the UN mission's Nairobi office reported. 
India is ready to talk to Moslem militants to end the four-year-old separatist camaign in Kashmir, but Pakistan cannot be included in the negotiations, a federal minister said here on Sunday.  Internal Security Minister Rajesh Pilot told the Press Trust of India (PTI) news agency that New Delhi had "an open mind on holding talks with anybody if it helps to bring back normalcy in Kashmir." 
Three young Iranians, accused of offending "public decency" and causing disturbances, were publicly flogged in central Iran, newspapers said here Sunday.  Two of the accused, whose offences were not specified, each received 60 lashes of the whip during the noon prayers Friday in the city of Saveh, some 100 kilometers (70 miles) southwest of Tehran. 
South Korea Sunday hinted at easing barriers for its people wanting to make personal contacts with North Korea following reports of an overnight decision by Washington to resume high-level talks with the North.  The government is considering allowing inter-Korean contact at a private level for such purposes as academic, religious, cultural and sporting events, the national news agency Yonhap said. 
The new Palestinian intelligence chief for Gaza and Jericho emerged Sunday from 27 years in the shadows, but said he was "too tired" to talk and scrapped a welcome home party.  Brigadier-General Mosbah Hanafi Rushdie Sakr returned to his wife who believed he was dead after he went missing during the 1967 Middle East war. 
Advancing northern Yemeni forces fired a missile into the key southern city of Aden on Sunday, killing two people and wounding three others, rescue workers said.  The south, which declared its independence on Saturday, warned meanwhile that it would fiercely resist the northern push on Aden. 
Police probing the serial killing of seven backpackers, five of them foreign tourists, charged a man with armed hold-up and firearm offences Sunday after dawn raids in the Sydney area.  The biggest murder hunt in Australia's history started after the bodies of the backpackers, three Germans, two Britons and two Australians were found in a remote forest south of here between September 1992 and November 1993. 
A man was killed and another seriously injured when suspected loyalist paramilitaries burst in on a pub fundraising gathering of the Irish Republican Army's political wing Sinn Fein, police said Sunday.  At least three men tried to push past a doorman at the bar in Dublin city centre where IRA sympathisers were holding a collection late Saturday for IRA prisoners in Ulster. The attackers opened fire after the doorman refused them entry, injuring the doorman and another man who came to his aid. 
President Nelson Mandela was to meet Sunday with Zulu leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi to discuss a row over the furtive transfer of vast tracts of land to Zulu king Goodwill Zwelithini, the Johannesburg Sunday Times said.  Officials from both Mandela's and Buthelezi's offices were said Sunday to be travelling to Cape Town for the first session of the new democratically-elected parliament on Tuesday and could not immediately be reached for comment. 
At least four people were killed and 88 wounded in two-days of shootings to celebrate the Moslem festival of Eid Al-Adha, hospital reports said here Sunday.  The warring factions' leaders had agreed on a four-day ceasefire to give their people a chance to take a breath during the Eid festival. 
Malaysia's national power firm Tenaga Nasional is to go on a US fund- raising tour next month to secure some 13 billion ringgit (5.2 billion US dollars) in expenditure capital for the next three years, officials said Sunday.  The "American Roadshow" will take Tenaga to Washington, New York and other major cities in the United States, with the aim of raising money through the issue of bonds, the officials said. 
Bosnian Croat forces shelled the Serb-held Bosnian town of Brcko in northern Bosnia, injuring five people and causing major material damage, the Belgrade news agency Tanjug said Sunday.  One of the injured had to have a leg amputated after six shells rained down from Croat lines at Orasje, some eight kilometres (five miles) to the west of the town centre late Saturday, Tanjug said. 
Rwandan rebels captured Kigali airport Sunday, the UN Mission for Aid to Rwanda announced.  Spokesman Abdul Kabia said an adjoining military base, Camp Kanombe, was still held by the mainly Hutu government army, but was encircled by troops of the mostly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front. 
The new trans-Vietnamese high-tension powerline has been switched on for the first time ahead of its official opening next month, officials said Sunday.  The 500,000 volt line, Vietnam's largest development project which will supply desperately needed energy to the country's southern provinces, was activated for trials Friday at the Hoa Binh power plant south of Hanoi. 
Police probing the serial killing of seven backpackers, five of them foreign tourists, charged a man with armed hold-up and firearm offences Sunday after pre-dawn raids in the Sydney area.  The biggest murder hunt in Australia's history got underway after the bodies of the backpackers, three Germans, two Britons and two Australians, were found in a remote forest south of here between September 1992 and November 1993. 
Rwandan rebels captured Kigali airport Sunday, the UN Mission for Aid to Rwanda announced.  Spokesman Abdul Kabia said an adjoining military base, Camp Kanombe, was still held by the mainly Hutu government army, but was encircled by troops of the mostly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front. 
The parliament here approved a new law Sunday imposing heavy taxes and tougher controls on foreign trucks transporting goods into Iran.  The amount of the taxes or the type of controls were not specified. 
The top leader of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) indicated Sunday that the second largest opposition force was ready to return to Japan's ruling coalition if Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata resigned.  "It's one way (to return to power) if we can have a change to discuss the framework of a new coalition after the Hata cabinet resigns en bloc," SDP chairman Tomiichi Murayama was quoted as saying at a meeting in Fukushima Prefecture, north of here. 
Iranian ground forces began a series of military exercises across the country on Sunday to mark the 12th anniversary of the liberation of a southern port city, the official news agency IRNA said.  The five-day manoeuvres, code-named Thunder-7, aim to "increase the army's combat capability" and mark the May 1982 liberation of Khoramshahr, in Khuzestan province, from Iraqi occupation during the 1980-1988 war. 
Israel stepped up security on Sunday fearing Hezbollah attacks as the interrogation of a kidnapped Shiite Moslem leader gave the first answers on a missing airman, the army and state radio reported.  The questioning of Mustafa Dirani, head of the pro-Iranian "Resistance of the Faithful," who was snatched in a daring airborne raid in Lebanon on Saturday, was taking place "somewhere in Israel," military officials said. 
The Duchess of York is considering starring in a film as Boudicca (also known as Boadicea), who defended Britain against the Romans, the Sunday Times reported.  The script contains a scene in which Boudicca is flogged, naked, by Roman soldiers, the weekly said. 
Endrio Leoni outsprinted fellow Italians Giovanni Lombardi and Adriano Baffi to take the leader's pink jersey in the Tour of Italy here Sunday after the 86km first section of the opening stage.  The riders have a 7km time-trial later in the day when Spain's Miguel Indurain will start his challenge for a third Giro triumph to equal his Tour de France hat-trick. 
Nine people were killed and 17 injured on Sunday when two buses collided near the town of Radujni in northwest Siberia, Interfax news agency reported, quoting the Russian ministry in charge of emergencies.  It said both buses were carrying oil workers. 
Malawi's first democratically elected president, Bakili Muluzi, faces a string of challenges after the euphoria of Saturday's investiture, with regional and ethnic divisions sure to test his reputation as a skilled mediator and man of consensus.  Muluzi, 51, set out his aims before an 80,000-strong crowd at Blantyre's football stadium after ending 30 years of autocratic one- party rule by Hastings Kamuzu Banda, promising a new "era of tolerance." 
Jordan on Sunday backed the unity of war-torn Yemen but like several other Arab states steered clear of condemning southern leaders for declaring an independent state.  Deputy Prime Minister Said al-Tall refused to comment on the declaration of independence issued by southern leader Ali Salem al- Baid on Saturday following more than two weeks of civil war. 
President Nelson Mandela and Zulu leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi have agreed to discuss a row over the furtive transfer of vast tracts of land to Zulu king Goodwill Zwelithini, an African National Congress (ANC) spokesman said Sunday.  The spokesman, Carl Niehaus, told AFP that the two leaders had held telephonic discussions on the matter and had agreed "sometime in the near future" to meet face to face for more in-depth talks. 
An improved version of the US Sikorsky CH-53 helicopter safely took Israeli commandos deep into and out of Syrian-held eastern Lebanon to kidnap a Shiite Moslem leader, a newspaper revealed Sunday.  Israeli Aeronautics Industries modified the CH-53 turning it into a ultra-sophisticated war machine, which took Mustafa Dirani and his men totally by suprise on Saturday, the daily Maariv reported. 
Government troops in western Burma have killed some 52 Moslem insurgents, captured eight others and seized a large number of weapons since late April, an official newspaper reported Sunday.  Rangoon lost four soldiers during the battles in Maungtaw township, where Burma shares a border with Bangladesh, according to state-run New Light of Myanmar. 
Veteran Russian filmmaker Nikita Mikhalkov launched an attack on the Russian government this weekend while in Cannes for the premiere of his latest movie at the filmfest here.  Speaking to AFP, Mikhalkov, known for his opposition to President Boris Yeltsin, added that he would be willing to run for the presidency. 
Public transport in London is the most expensive among European capitals, according to a report published Sunday by a consumer organization.  The report, published by Capital Transport Campaign, provides a list comparing the price of a 10-kilometre (six-mile) trip for suburban residents in 10 European countries. 
Rwandan rebels captured Kigali airport early Sunday, UN spokesman Abdul Kabia announced.  Kabia, reached by telephone in Rwanda, said the airport, where 200 Ghanaian  UN troops are stationed, fell to the mostly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) soldiers at about 6.00 a.m. (0400 GMT) with no casualties reported. 
Loris Capirossi, riding a Honda, won the the 250cc race in the Austrian motorcycle Grand Prix here Sunday ahead of fellow Italian Massimiliano Biaggi on an Aprilia.  Doriano Romboni of Italy, on a Honda, was third ahead of Tadayuki Okada of Japan, on a Yamaha, who maintained his world championship lead. 
Loris Capirossi, riding a Honda, shook off fellow Italian Massimiliano Biaggi, on an Aprilia, on the last lap of the 250cc race to win Austrian motorcycle Grand Prix here Sunday.  Biaggi, winner of the Australian and Malaysian Grands Prix, had lost the lead six laps from the finish but fought his way back in front on the last lap before Capirossi attacked again. 
New Zealand's second one-day international against England at Lord's was finally abandoned on Sunday morning.  Another night of heavy rain ended all hope of any play, which meant England took the one-day trophy by virtue of their 42-run victory over the Kiwis in Birmingham on Thursday. 
As the Cannes filmfest approaches its climax Monday evening, the race for the coveted Golden Palm has apparently narrowed down to two or three films in the running for the top award.  But with all 23 films in competition now viewed, observers stress that jury decisions are notoriously unpredictable, and that a surprise winner cannot be ruled out. 
Xoliswa Falati, who was convicted with Winnie Mandela on kidnapping and assault charges, has threatened to "expose more atrocities" about the estranged wife of President Nelson Mandela, City Press newspaper said Sunday.  Warning in an interview with the weekly that she was about to blow the whistle at a press conference, Falati added: "There is going to be a hurricane. I have living witnesses." 
Vietnam suffered a 150-million-trade deficit in the first quarter of this year because of continued high imports and a fall in some exports, the union newspaper Lao Dong said Sunday.  Imports during the period stood at 1.09 billion dollars, up 28.6 percent over the same period last year, while exports totaled only 940 million dollars, up 17.1 percent, the newspaper said. 
A high level two-man mission from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) left Vienna Sunday for North Korea to discuss the controversial refuelling of a nuclear reactor.  Their departure was announced by an agency spokesman, who said they were due to arrive in North Orea Tuesday. 
Northern troops turned up the heat on Aden as a missile slammed into the newly-declared Yemeni Democratic Republic's capital on Sunday, but the south vowed to defend its independence and crush the north's advance.  The northern missile attack on the southern stronghold of Aden killed two people and wounded three others, all from the same family, within 24 hours of the south declaring independence. 
The British Labour group at the European Parliament threatened Sunday to block the investiture of the new European Commission if Italian neo-fascists are appointed to it.  Sunday's threat came in a letter from the head of the Labour group of MEPs, Pauline Green, to British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd. The letter's contents were revealed in a Socialist group statement. 
Some 1,000 women marched through Taipei's streets Sunday calling on the authorities to take action against sexual harassment.  The protest, jointly organized by 42 civic groups, was aimed in particular at the education ministry, which was accused of tolerating sexual harassment and even rape by university professors of students, organizers said. 
Zambian President Fredrick Chiluba Sunday praised defeated Malawian president Hastings Kamuzu Banda for facilitating a smooth transition from a single to multi-party system of government.  In a statement released to state radio by Malawi's foreign ministry, Chiluba commended Banda for leaving office "in an orderly manner" and thanked him for being leader of impoverished Malawi for the past 31 years. 
Michael Doohan of Australia increased his world championship lead by outclassing the 500cc field in the Austrian motorcycle Grand Prix here on Sunday.  It was the third win in five races this year for the Australian who also won in Malaysia and Spain. 
Israel state radio stirred up another storm on Sunday broadcasting a speech in which PLO chairman Yasser Arafat allegedly says the autonomy agreement is a ruse to capture Jerusalem.  The comment was made during an address Arafat gave in a Johannesburg mosque on May 10 when he also called for a holy war to liberate Jerusalem, according to the radio. 
An attack by suspected loyalist paramilitaries on a Dublin pub hosting an IRA fundraising event cast doubt Sunday over the intentions of terrorist groups supporting continued British rule in UIster.  One man was killed and another injured Saturday night when at least three men tried to push past a doorman at a Dublin bar where IRA sympathisers were holding a collection for Irish Republican Army prisoners in Ulster. 
He was on 111 points in the championship. Schwantz was on 88 and John Kocinski, the Australian GP winner who was fifth today on his Cagiva, was third on 79 points.  Shinishi Itoh of Japan, riding a Honda, was fourth in today's race. He was fourth in the championship on 56 points. 
Michael Doohan, who has cheated death so many times in high-speed spills which almost crippled him, took a decisive step toward the world motorcycle championship here on Sunday.  The Australian increased his championship lead by outclassing the 500cc field for a third win in five races this season. 
Tough-talking US officials may stand tall at home with a strident Asian policy but they are having questionable success in achieving their aims from a more self-confident and defiant Asia.  Domestic interests have often hogtied US foreign policy toward the key players of China, Japan and North and South Korea as Washington tries to dovetail competing trade, rights and post Cold War security concerns. 
Venezuelan Oil Minister Erwin Jose Arrietta held talks here Sunday on boosting cooperation between OPEC countries, Tehran Radio said.  Arrietta told President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani that his visit was aimed at studying the oil situation in the region and seeking Iran's experience in mines and metallurgy. 
Chinese film-maker Yin Li, who had been prevented by Chinese authorities from attending the Cannes film festival, was finally authorized to leave for France, sources said here Sunday.  Yin Li, 36, picked up his visa Saturday from the French embassy in Beijing and said he was planning to arrive in Paris Sunday, "but not in Cannes," French sources said. 
Michael Stitch followed his victory over world number one Pete Sampras with a three-set win over Sergi Bruguera here on Sunday.  Victory gave Germany a 1-0 lead over Spain in the World Team Cup. 
US businessmen are anxiously awaiting President Bill Clinton's decision on China's most favored nation (MFN) status in the next 10 days, fearful of losing a multi-billion dollar market and thousands of US jobs.  It seems increasingly unlikely that Clinton will carry out his threat of withdrawing MFN on June 3 because of China's human rights record, disrupting a 40 billion dollar trade relationship. 
An Iranian delegation is to visit Iraq on June 11 to discuss the fate of POWs from the 1980-1988 war, Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati said.  Velayati, quoted on Sunday by Etellaat newspaper, said the visit was initially scheduled to take place next week, but that it had been postponed at the request of Baghdad. 
US businessmen are anxiously awaiting President Bill Clinton's decision on China's most favored nation (MFN) status in the next 10 days, fearful of losing a multi-billion dollar market and thousands of US jobs.  It seems increasingly unlikely that Clinton will carry out his threat of withdrawing MFN on June 3 because of China's human rights record, disrupting a 40 billion dollar trade relationship. 
The mostly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) Sunday seized the Camp Kanombe barracks near Kigali airport which they had captured earlier in the day, UN officials announced.  Hundreds of people fled the camp after the rebels took the airport following days of intense shelling. The barracks accommodated up to 4,000 government troops until recently and were the biggest in the Rwandan capital, according to a UN estimate. 
Key exports and imports in the 40 billion dollar annual US-China trade which would be seriously disrupted if President Bill Clinton withdrew China's most favored nation status (MFN)  (Figures in millions of dollars) 
Key exports and imports in the 40 billion dollar annual US-China trade which would be seriously disrupted if President Bill Clinton withdrew China's most favored nation status (MFN)  (Figures in millions of dollars) 
Northern forces fired a missile on the key southern Yemeni city of Aden on Sunday killing four people and injuring nine, all from the same family, rescue workers and hospitals said.  They updated an earlier casualty toll of two dead and three wounded, and added that several of the injured were in serious condition when the missile crashed into the airport district. 
The mostly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) Sunday seized the government-held Camp Kanombe barracks near Kigali airport which they had captured earlier in the day, UN officials announced.  Hundreds of people fled the camp after the rebels had taken the airport following days of intense shelling. The barracks accommodated up to 4,000 government troops until recently and were the biggest in the Rwandan capital, according to a UN estimate. 
Israeli troops shoot dead a wanted Moslem fundamentalist and captured four other suspects during a siege in the mosque massacre town of Hebron on Sunday, military officials said.  One Israeli border policeman was also wounded when he was hit in the head by a stone during clashes with youths which erupted after the shootout which lasted several hours. 
The mainly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) Sunday seized Kigali airport and the government-held nearby Camp Kanombe barracks, UN officials announced.  Hundreds of people fled the camp after the rebels took the airport following days of intense shelling. The Hutu government barracks accommodated up to 4,000 troops until recently and were the biggest in the Rwandan capital, according to a UN estimate. 
Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad Sunday acknowledged a ceasefire by the British media against his country but said he needed more assurance to end a near three-month boycott of British firms.  "We notice an improvement, particularly after the person (London's Sunday Times editor Andrew Neil) who started such reports, had been transferred," Mahathir was quoted by the Bernama news agency as saying. 
American promoter Don King on Sunday called for a WBO super- middleweight title rematch between champion Chris Eubank and Ray Close amid controversy over a missing scorecard.  Eubank retained his title with a split decision victory over local boxer Close on Saturday night, but King's British partner, Frank Warren, claimed the compilation card of the WBO co-supervisors, which keeps a running total of the judges' scoring, could not be found after the fight. 
Total new car sales around the world will rise by five percent in 1994 to 35 million, and rise to 43 million by 1999, analysts at British research group DRI McGraw-Hill said in a report published Monday.  The world new car market, which fell to a six-year low in 1993, will recover in 1994 thanks to growth in the United States and a lesser recovery in a number of Asian and European markets, the report said. 
Security forces seized more than three tonnes of drugs in a major country-wide crackdown arresting 2,678 drug-traffickers in a week-long operation, the official news agency IRNA said Sunday.  Some 1,452 plain-clothes anti-drug officers seized 2,825 kilograms of opium, 473 kilograms of morphine, 12 kilograms of hashish and four kilograms of heroin, it said. 
Ireland's hopes of upsetting world rugby union champions Australia next month nosedived here Sunday with a 55-18 mauling by New South Wales.  The provincial side dominated from the start in unseasonably warm conditions, piling on eight tries. 
A project to establish a no-hunting whale sanctuary in the Antarctic is likely to be adopted during the upcoming meeting of the International Whaling Commission (IWC) in Mexico, the environmental organization Greenpeace said Sunday.  The project, proposed by France in 1992, was defeated during the IWC meeting in Japan last year due to opposition by several of the 31 whaling nations involved, including Russia, Japan, Chili and Norway. Some countries also abstained from the vote at the time. 
England have called up former hero Jonathan Callard to replace injured full-back David Pears on their tour of South Africa.  Callard, unexpectedly axed for the trip despite starring in wins over the All Blacks and Scotland in the Five Nations, will fly out on Monday to join a squad still reeling from the 21-6 defeat on Saturday by Natal, and the opening 22-11 reverse by the Orange Free State. 
Aston Villa striker Dalian Atkinson has been told he can leave the club by his namesake, manager Ron Atkinson.  News of Atkinson's availability comes just three days after he failed to travel to South Africa with the rest of the Villa squad for an end of season tour. 
Six people were injured when a grenade left over from the Iran-Iraq war exploded accidently in Nudsheh, close to Paveh on the border with Iraq.  The official agency IRNA said the blast happened as one of the injured was handling the grenade. 
A decision by the British Broadcasting Corporation to grant gay employees a week's paid holiday for a "honeymoon break" with their partners provoked howls of protest among Conservative MPs, reports said Sunday.  The homosexual workers will also have the right to a 75 pound bonus (112,5 dollars), already paid to heterosexual couples. 
A 19-year-old youth was arrested Sunday for attempting to set fire to a home for asylum seekers near the southeastern town of Passau, police announced.  Seventy-seven people, mostly refugees from Bosnia-Hercegovina and the Serbian province of Kosovo, were sleeping in the house at the time of the attack. 
Gabriela Sabatini's winless agony continued on Sunday as she squandered a set lead to gift Mary Joe Fernandez victory in the final of the Strasbourg tournament.  The Argentinian has not won a tournament since the 1992 Italian Open. 
South African rugby union was in a state of upheaval on Sunday, less than two weeks before the first Test between South Africa and the touring England side.  Press reports suggest the seven-man rugby selection panel may be axed in the week before the June 11 second Test and Springbok coach Ian McIntosh will be sacked if South Africa lose the first on June 4. 
The presidents of Albania and Macedonia,  Sali Berisha and Kiro Gligorov, agreed to push for greater bilateral cooperation at a meeting here Sunday.  The two leaders, meeting on the Albanian side of Lake Ohrid, announced Tirana had proposed Skopje be allowed to unload some 1.5 million tonnes of oil and one million tonnes of other goods at Albania's Adriatic ports. 
Advancing northern troops on Sunday fired a missile into the southern stronghold of Aden, killing four civilians and wounding nine others, rescue workers said.  The south vowed to turn the road to Aden into a "graveyard" and defend the independence it declared on Saturday. 
Crimean forces have taken "preventive measures" against possible strikes by Ukrainian troops but are not on a state of alert, Interior Minister Valery Kuznetsov told the Interfax news agency Sunday.  Tension between the Crimea and the authorities in Kiev reached fever pitch Friday when deputies in the regional legislature voted to restore a 1992 constitution tantamount to declaration of independence. 
Kenyan world champion Ismael Kirui won the 5,000 metre road race in Aberdeen on Sunday.  But he was pushed all the way by Englishman Rob Denmark, who had finished eight places behind him in Stuttgart. 
The Israeli army apologized Sunday after mixing up the bodies of two soldiers, who were shot dead on the Gaza Strip on Friday, leading a family to bury the wrong man, a military spokesman said.  As the relatives of Corporal Erez Ben Baruch prepared for his funeral on Sunday they were informed that he had already been buried two days earlier. 
Argentina's Eduardo Romero shot a five under par 67 in the final round to win the Italian Open by one stroke from New Zealand's Greg Turner, who closed with a 65.  Romero returned a four round total of 272, 16-under par. Overnight leader Fredrik Lindgren of Sweden finished third after a 71. 
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev on Sunday thanked Pakistan and Afghanistan after two Russian prisoners from the Afghanistan war were freed last week.  Alexis Olenin, 31, and Yuri Stepanov, 25, captured by Afghan Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar's Hezb-i-Islami faction during the Russian occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s, were handed to Russian officials in Islamabad, Pakistan, last Monday. 
Italian authorities probing whether former prime minister Giulio Andreotti met with a Mafia boss are looking at a 1987 Sicily visit during which he vanished for five hours, judicial officials said Sunday.  Mafia turncoats say Andreotti cancelled all appointments, gave his local security detail time off and slipped away with his permanent body guards to meet with Toto Riina, the don of the Sicilian Mafia, the sources said. 
Dieter Schulte, an official with the German steel company IG-Metall, was appointed Sunday president of the German Unions Federation (DGB), replacing Heinz-Werner Meyer, who died May 9.  Schulte, 54, was chosen by the federation's board of directors, 13 of whom voted in favour and five of whom voted against his nomination, Hermann Rappe, a union official said. 
World number one Miguel Indurain was given an early shock in the Tour of Italy here on Sunday when Frenchman Armand de las Cuevas won the opening day time trial.  De las Cuevas, 25, took the pink jersey by winning the 7km solo ride, forcing Liege-Bastogne-Liege classic winner Russian Evgeni Berzin into second by two seconds while race favourite Indurain lost five. 
A Spanish UN soldier and an interpreter were killed in a road accident Sunday on patrol near Kocine, five kilometres (three miles) southeast of Mostar, Hercegovina, Spanish defence ministry officials said.  Non-commissioned officer Fernando Casas Martin and interpreter Mirko Mikulcic were killed while three other soldiers who were slightly injured were transfered to the Spanish military hospital at Dracevo. 
Taiwan has decided to lift its overall ban on package tours to China following local travel agencies' reluctance to adhere to the government ruling because of their heavy financial losses, a local newspaper said Sunday.  But some regional exclusions will remain in force. 
China plans to step up its campaign against AIDS, with the main emphasis on education and publicity campaigns especially for its millions of young people, Health Minister Chen Minzhang said.  Chen told journalists covering a Sino-French medical conference that condoms, whose use in China is not yet widespread, could effectively serve the dual purpose of carrying out the country's strict family planning policy and restricting the spread of the fatal acquired immune deficiency syndrome. 
The secession of southern from northern Yemen threatens to deepen Arab divisions by forcing Arab countries to take sides in the civil war, diplomats in the Gulf said Sunday.  "They will have to back one side or the other ... and this will be a new bone of contention in the Arab world," according to one diplomat who requested anonymity. 
African National Congress (ANC) secretary general Cyril Ramaphosa was Sunday set to become chairman of South Africa's Constituent Assembly after winning his party's nomination for the post, ANC sources said.  The Constituent Assembly, comprising the 90-member Senate and the 400-member National Assembly, is due to meet for the first time Tuesday to elect a chairman. 
Argentinan Eduardo Romero snatched his fifth European Tour title victory when he sank a six-foot putt on the final green to take the Italian Open title away from New Zealander Greg Turner here on Sunday.  The 39-year-old from Cordoba, whose father, brother and two uncles are all professionals, shot a final round of 67 in the scorching sunshine on the Marco Simone course for a 16 under par total of 272. 
The outlawed militant Islamic group the Jamaa Islamiyya has urged young people to join the holy war to topple President Hosni Mubarak's secular government.  The appeal for jihad, or holy war, was made in a statement distributed after prayers marking Saturday's Moslem feast of Al-Adha in the southern Egyptian provinces of Beni Suef, Minia and Asyut. 
Israeli President Ezer Weizman said Sunday Israel would maintain its self-declared "security zone" in southern Lebanon until its fate had been decided in the Arab-Israeli peace process.  He was speaking during a tour of the region, his first since he was elected in 1993, to congratulate local leaders on the Moslem feast of Al-Adha. 
Crimean forces have taken preventive measures against possible strikes by Ukrainian troops but are not on a state of alert, Crimean Interior Minister Valery Kuznetsov said Sunday.  He spoke ahead of talks Tuesday in Moscow with Ukrainian officials to try to defuse a crisis that has flared on the Crimean peninsula. 
Belgian league champions Anderlecht grabbed the double here on Sunday by beating FC Brugge 2-0 in the cup final.  Anderlecht 2 (Versavel 36, Nilis 74) FC Brugge 0 
Israel state radio stirred up another storm on Sunday broadcasting a speech in which PLO chairman Yasser Arafat implies the autonomy agreement is a ruse to capture Jerusalem.  The comments came during an address Arafat gave in a Johannesburg mosque on May 10 when he also called for a holy war to liberate Jerusalem. 
Michael Stitch led Germany to a World Team Cup win over Spain here on Sunday, clinching the doubles with Patrick Kuehnen.  The German pair saw off Carlos Costa and Tomas Carbonell 7-5, 4-6, 6-4 to take the title 2-1. 
Southern Yemeni leader Ali Salem al-Baid on Sunday vowed that his forces will not surrender to northern troops trying to capture his Aden stronghold.  "Southern forces refuse to surrender to the criminal gang that is using all its might to destroy cities and lay siege to Aden," Baid said in a speech marking the Al-Adha Moslem feast, broadcast by Aden Radio. 
The mainly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) Sunday seized Kigali airport and the nearby Camp Kanombe barracks from government troops, UN officials said, in a decisive move for control of the capital.  Hundreds of people fled the camp after the rebels took the airport following days of intense shelling. The Hutu government barracks accommodated up to 4,000 troops until recently and were the biggest in the Rwandan capital, according to a UN estimate. 
British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd arrived Sunday in the northwestern city of Murmansk at the start of a three-day visit to Russia and Ukraine.  He was received by his Russian counterpart Andrei Kozyrev, who was elected as a deputy from Murmansk in last December's legislative elections in Russia. 
Vice President Al Gore said Sunday that there had been some progress in the dialogue with North Korea and that the process was worth pursuing.  Gore's comments in an interview with CBS television came a day after North Korean officials agreed to meet with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to discuss plans for monitoring refueling of its Yongbyon nuclear reactor. 
Michael Stitch capped a perfect World Team Cup performance by leading Germany to a final win over Spain here on Sunday.  Stich, who beat French Open favourite Pete Sampras of the United States earlier in the week, added French Open champion Sergi Bruguera's scalp before clinching the deciding doubles with Patrick Kuehnen. 
Jansher Khan confirmed his world number one status when he beat England's Peter Marshall in straight games to win the French Open here on Sunday.  Final 
Defendents in the trial of Albania's last communist president, Ramiz Alia, appeared unrepentent Sunday during the second day of court argument in their trial for ordering summary executions and embezzlement.  Sunday's hearing focused on three of the defendants, former prime minister Adil Cacani, his deputy, Manush Mustiu, and the former head of the communist parliament, Rita Marko. 
President Clinton is faced with a problem akin to squaring the circle: how to preserve the benefits of trading with China without giving the impression that once again he has backed down from a commitment.  Clinton must decide by June 3 -- coincidentally the fifth anniversary of the bloody crackdown by the Chinese army in Tiananmen Square -- whether to renew China's most favored nation (MFN) trading status. 
Spain's Javier Sanchez grabbed the limelight from his better-known siblings for once when he beat compatriot Alberto Berasategui, the top seed, in the final of the Bologna tournament on Sunday.  Sanchez, the brother of Emilio Sanchez and Arantxa Sanchez Vicario, won 7-6 (7/3), 4-6, 6-3 on a stiflingly hot afternoon to repeat his success here in 1989. 
French philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy said Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic was due in Paris Sunday evening.  The president, here at Levy's invitation, will meet Monday with Levy and with the leaders of the Socialist and ruling coalition lists for the European Parliament elections in June, Michel Rocard and Dominique Baudis respectively, the philosopher said. 
Liverpool came from behind to defeat English Premier Division rivals Aston Villa 2-1 at Ellis Park here Sunday in the opening match of a week-long South African football festival.  A crowd of 20,000 braved freezing weather to see Neil Cox put understrength Villa ahead in the 24th minute after goalkeeper David James failed to cut off a deep cross. 
President Nelson Mandela said he was to hold talks Sunday night with Zulu leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi in an attempt to defuse a row over a secret land deal involving Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini.  Speaking to journalists after a meeting of his African National Congress (ANC) parliamentary caucus here, Mandela said he would be discussing "very sensitive matters" with Buthelezi, who is also Home Affairs Minister. 
Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid on Sunday was named president of the breakaway Yemeni Democratic Republic, Radio Aden said.  Baid, who leads the Yemeni Socialist Party, was elected chairman of the five-men presidential council formed earlier in the day to run the republic, the southern-run radio reported. 
Leaders of communist parties in all but one of the former Soviet republics concluded Sunday a two-day meeting on coordinating strategy, news agencies reported.  The only country not represented was Kazakhstan. 
Spartak Moscow beat CSKA Moscow 4-2 on penalties to win the Russian Cup on Sunday. The match finished 2-2.  Cup Winners Cup holders Arsenal will face CSKA in next season's competition because Spartak, who won the Russian league title at the end of last year, are qualified for the Champions Cup. 
The Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF), an illegal loyalist paramilitary grouping, Sunday claimed responsibility for an attack on an IRA fundraiser in Dublin which killed one man and injured another.  The attack occurred Saturday night when at least three men tried to push past a doorman at a Dublin bar where Irish Republican Army sympathisers were holding a collection for IRA prisoners held in Northern Ireland. 
The survival of the Earth's largest mammals is once again before the International Whaling Commission, which will decide this week whether to maintain an eight-year-old moratorium on whale hunting.  The commission, which meets here from Monday to Friday, will also consider a French proposal, first made in 1992, to create a sanctuary for whales in the Antarctic by banning whale hunting below a latitude of 40 degrees south. 
World number one Miguel Indurain was given an early shock in the Tour of Italy here on Sunday when Frenchman Armand de las Cuevas won the opening day time trial in record time.  De las Cuevas, 25, took the pink jersey by winning the 7km solo ride in an average time of 53.39km/h. 
Norway severely deflated Terry Venables' England bubble in a drab goalless draw at Wembley on Sunday.  England may feel hard done by that a David Platt tap in on 76 minutes was disallowed by Danish referee Kim Nielsen, who ordered Alan Shearer to retake the curling free kick that had rattled off the post, beyond Thorstvedt's grasp, and into the skipper's path. 
Twenty-nine Ukrainian armored personnel carriers conducted exercises in the Crimean capital Simferopol Sunday, the ITAR-TASS news agency reported.  The vehicles arrived from Djankoi, in the north of the peninsula, the agency said without providing a source for its report. 
Haitians responded with resignation Sunday to a total commercial embargo imposed at midnight by the United Nations to step up the pressure on the military to reliquish power.  The embargo, which excludes food and medicine, came on top of a nine- month old embargo on arms and oil, which has been easily circumvented by smugglers operating from the neighboring Dominican Republic. 
Two polls published this weekend by the same newspaper show voters in the predominantly French-speaking province of Quebec will elect a government dedicated to Quebec independence but will then reject independence.  Le Soleil reported Saturday that 33 percent of decided voters will vote for the separatist Parti Quebecois (PQ), compared to 29 percent for the governing provincial Liberal Party which is committed to keeping Quebec within Canada. 
International relief organizations will start evacuating up to 5,000 Somali refugees from the war zone in southern Yemen to a safer location further north on Monday, a senior UN official said here Sunday.  UN Resident Coordinator in Yemen Awni al-Ani told reporters a representative of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees on Sunday visited the new site 50 kilometers (30 miles) to the north and "found it suitable for refugees." 
A record 25 million people were displaced within their own countries last year, according to a report released Tuesday by the US Committee for Refugees.  In 1993, there were 1.1 million displaced Angolans, 600,000 Zaireans, 600,000 Burundians, 550,000 Bosnians, 400,000 Azerbaijanis and 240,000 Togolese displaced within their own borders, the Washington-based non- governmental organization said. 
Sparta Prague drew 1-1 with Banik Ostrava to retain their Czech title with three matches to spare.  It was the side from the capital's 20th title, including its victories in the former Czechoslovakia. 
The United Democratic Front of newly-installed President Bakili Muzuli failed to secure a majority in parliament, according to the official results of Malawi's first multi-party poll released Sunday.  The results, published the day after Muzuli's inauguration ended three decades of iron rule by outgoing head of state Hastings Kamuzu Banda, gave his UDF 84 seats in the 177-member legislature, the electoral commission said, five short of an overall majority. 
Norway manager Egil Olsen lashed England and paid tribute to his own team after their Wembley stalemate here on Sunday.  Olsen saw reasons for Norwegian World Cup optimism after the goalless draw -- but argued new-look England failed to make the grade. 
Northern forces denied having fired a missile at the southern bastion of Aden, where four people were reported killed and nine others wounded Sunday.  "Our forces did not fire any missile at Aden," a northern military spokesman told the official news agency Saba. The north has "since the war started avoided targetting civilians and economic facilities." 
Results in English Sunday League matches.  Taunton: Somerset 105-7, Warwickshire 106-5. Warwickshire beat Somerset by five wkts. 
The United Democratic Front of newly-installed President Bakili Muluzi (eds:correct) failed to secure a majority in parliament, according to the official results of Malawi's first multi-party poll released Sunday.  The results, published the day after Muzuli's inauguration ended three decades of iron rule by outgoing head of state Hastings Kamuzu Banda, gave his UDF 84 seats in the 177-member legislature, the electoral commission said, five short of an overall majority. 
Ali Salem al-Baid on Sunday became president of the breakaway state in southern Yemen as the north said its army had pushed toward Baid's hometown, the south's oil region and the key city of Aden.  A missile meanwhile smashed into a house in Aden, killing four and wounding nine others, all in the same family, ambulance crews and police said. 
The washout of the second one-day international between England and New Zealand helped Warwickshire to victory in their Sunday League game against Somerset.  Warwickshire captain Dermot Reeve, released by England when the Lord's match was abandoned, dashed to Taunton and played a crucial role in his county's five wicket triumph. 
Vice President Al Gore denied Sunday that Secretary of State Warren Christopher would soon leave his post and defended the top US diplomat's record.  Time and US News and World Report, two weekly magazines, reported Walter Mondale, former vice president under Jimmy Carter and the present US ambassador to Japan, could possibly replace Christopher. 
Greek demonstrators Sunday demanded recognition from Turkey of the "genocide" of some 350,000 "Pontios" Greeks living under Turkish rule between 1916 and 1924.  Several hundred people gathered outside the Turkish embassy, shouting "Turkish killers" and demanding that Turkey admit the massacre of over 40 percent of the 750,000-strong community which lived in Pont-Euxin on the Black Sea, during and shortly after World War I. 
English Sunday League table after latest matches (played, won, lost, tied, no result, points. Last season's final position in brackets):  P W L T NR Pts 
President Bakili Muluzi of Malawi Sunday dissolved the boards of all the country's state-run organizations in a crackdown on corruption in the regime of his predecessor, long-time ruler Hastings Kamuzu Banda.  Muluzi's office said in a statement that new boards would be appointed soon. 
American prospect Lindsay Davenport warmed up for this week's French Open by winning the 150,000 dollar WTA European Open here on Sunday, beating compatriot Lisa Raymond 7-6 (7/3), 6-4.  It was the 17-year-old's third tournament success on the professional circuit. 
Right-wing Israeli intellectuals on Sunday urged the Supreme Court to declare Palestinian autonomy illegal.  The group of scientists, writers and lawyers said the May 4 accord launching Palestinian self-rule in the West Bank and Gaza Strip was null and void because the Palestine Liberation Organization is a "terrorist group." 
Australia's Geoff Brabham led a dozen hopeful drivers battling the month's hottest weather in search of enough speed to qualify for the Indianapolis 500.  Brabham turned a practice lap at the 2.5-mile (4km) oval above 221 mph (353 km/h), making him the only racer to reach competitive qualifying speed Sunday as the final hours of time trials ticked down. 
Four years after being filmed smoking crack cocaine in a police sting and leaving the mayor's office in shame, Marion Barry has launched a bid to recapture the US capital city's top job.  Drawing a comparison between himself and Nelson Mandela, the new president of South Africa, Barry kicked off his campaign Saturday before a group of almost 300 supporters. His slogan: "Mandela in April, Marion in September." 
Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic said he would lead a government delegation to Geneva Monday for talks with the international contact group on the war in his country.  Speaking Sunday on Bosnian television, he dismissed as blackmail threats from France and Britain to withdraw their peacekeepers from the former Yugoslav republic if a settlement to the two-year-old war is not reached soon. 
Northern forces on Sunday captured the southern military base at Ateq, the capital of the oil-producing province of Shabwa, a military spokesman said here.  "All of the base's facilities are in the hands of the legal (northern) forces," the spokesman told the north's official Saba news agency. 
Jackie Joyner-Kersee won the women's long jump at the New York Games athletics meeting Sunday with a leap of 7.49m, the second-longest in history.  The American, a two-time world champion in both long jump and heptathlon, said she had been concentrating in training with her husband and coach Bob Kersee on long jump and hurdles. 
The president of the former South Yemen, Ali Nasir Mohammad, rejected an offer to serve as vice president of a new breakaway republic in the south, a Yemeni minister said here Sunday.  Justice Minister Abdallah Ghanim, a member of the Islamic al-Islah party, told AFP that he spoke to the exiled former president who was in Damascus by telephone Sunday. 
Filmmakers from Algeria, Cambodia, Canada, China, Russia and the Gaza Strip received early distinctions in the Cannes filmfest Sunday, a day ahead of the announcement of this year's coveted Golden Palm.  At the head of a group of prizes announced on the eve of the end of the festival, Canadian Atom Egoyan's "Exotica" was awarded the International Critics' Prize (FIPRESCI) for films in the official competition here. 
The US company Westinghouse is planning to help complete Soviet- designed nuclear reactors in the Czech Republic, The New York Times reported Sunday.  The US government believes the US technical help could make the reactors safer and could be the first step in a broader effort at other Soviet-designed sites, the Times said. 
Hundreds of mourners gathered outside the New York home of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Sunday to pay their last respects while her son, John, sought solace on skates.  Photographers staking out the area grabbed their cameras as Kennedy and his companion, actress Daryl Hannah, went roller-skating past the Church of Saint Ignatius Loyola where a wake is to be held later for Onassis. 
A Russian aid convoy left Dar es Salaam Sunday en route for Rwandan refugee camps in northwest Tanzania, Radio Russia said.  A BBC dispatch monitored here, quoted Russian radio as saying the convoy comprised 10 trucks and three support vehicles. 
US scientists say they have discovered a method of tracing the source of bullets while they are still in the air.  The device, which could mean an end to the relative safety of a hidden sniper or assassin, consists of a sensor that can be attached to a rifle and a small computer that can retrace the bullet's path within seconds. 
Iraq late Sunday expressed strong support for the Sanaa government of President Ali Abdallah Saleh, denouncing what it called south Yemen's "heinous" declaration of independence.  In a statement received here cited by the official Iraqi INA agency, Foreign Minister Mohammad al-Sahhaf said: "Iraq supports Yemen's legal and consitutional authorities" under Saleh. 
Rwandan government and rebel forces pledged late Sunday to observe a two-day truce during the visit of a special United Nations envoy to the war-torn country, UN military officials said.  Abdul Kabia, spokesman for the United Nations Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) said UNAMIR had called on both sides to cease hostilities during the visit of UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros- Ghali's special enovy Iqbal Riza, who is due in Kigali Monday. 
Irish Foreign Minister Dick Spring announced Sunday a review of security arrangements along the border with Northern Ireland after loyalist paramilitaries attacked an IRA fundraiser in Dublin, killing another man.  Describing Saturday's killing as a "sinister development," Spring said security would be reviewed to prevent an upsurge in attacks inside Ireland by Ulster loyalists. 
Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic gave late Sunday his unconditional acceptance to resuming peace talks on ending the Bosnian war, the Serb SRNA agency said.  The pledge to agree to fresh negotiations "without conditions" came in answer to a call late Saturday from Yasushi Akashi, the United Nations special representative in ex-Yugoslavia. 
Rwandan government and rebel forces pledged late Sunday to observe a two-day truce during the visit of a special United Nations envoy to the war-torn country, UN military officials said.  Abdul Kabia, spokesman for the United Nations Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) said UNAMIR had called on both sides to cease hostilities during the visit of UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros- Ghali's special envoy Iqbal Riza, who is due in Kigali Monday. 
The New York Knicks beat Chicago 87-77 Sunday to oust the three-time defending champions from the National Basketball Association playoffs.  The Knicks, eliminated by the Bulls in the playoffs for two years running, were taken to the limit of the seven-game series. 
Smugglers were boldly lugging jugs of gasoline and kerosene across the Dominican border into Haiti Sunday, hours after new, tighter UN trade sanctions took effect.  Just before the trade sanctions were imposed at midnight to try to press the country's military rulers to step aside, army-backed provisional President Emile Jonassaint ordered the Justice Ministry to prosecute anyone organizing trips for Haitians trying to flee for the United States. 
Teen tennis phenomenon Jennifer Capriati was treated at a drug rehabilitation center three months before her arrest last Monday for possession of marijuana, Newsweek magazine reports.  In it's latest edition, Newsweek reports that Capriati was treated for more than a week at The Manors, a 950-dollar-a-day private psychiatric hospital in Tarpon Springs, Florida. 
Peru's booming gold mining industries should boost output to 100 tonnes per year by the end of the decade, Mining and Energy Minister Daniel Hokama said Sunday.  "We estimate that gold production currently ranges between 20 and 25 tonnes annually, and if the gram of gold is at 12 dollars, we are talking about a total sum of 250 to 300 million dollars per year" through 2000, Hokama said. 
Crimean authorities said reinforcements were deployed Sunday to guard key installations in the republic's capital, Simferopol, as 29 Ukrainian armoured troop carriers reportedly entered the city, the ITAR-TASS agency said.  In a dispatch monitored by the BBC, a Crimean presidential spokesman said the interior ministry had reinforced security units around key government buildings, including the main broadcasting centre and parliament, to counter the perceived threat. 
Venezuela has taken the first steps toward requesting membership in the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the head of the Foreign Trade Institute said Sunday.  Alberto Poletto said officals had called in the US ambassador to Caracas to discuss joining the trade pact grouping Canada, Mexico and the United States. 
Police and protestors clashed Sunday as some 5,000 ecologists demonstrated against plans to build a road tunnel under the Pyrenees and boost traffic near one of the last sanctuaries of the native European bear.  At least 10 demonstrators were injured as clashes broke out as police tried to disperse 500 protestors who entered the tunnel building site where workmen have burrowed 30 metres (100 feet) into the mountainside since the project began in April, correspondents said. 
Tom Lehman, who let the Masters get away from him in the final round last month, made no such mistake Sunday as he marched to a record- breaking five-shot victory in The Memorial golf tournament.  Lehman carded his fourth straight 67 on the Muirfield Village Golf Club course for a 20-under total of 268. 
Cleanup crews worked through the day Sunday to clean up some 200 barrels of oil spilled by a tanker near the site of the worst spill in US history.  The Eastern Lion, which was carrying about 830,000 barrels of oil for BP Exploration, began leaking when it was at the Valdez terminal Saturday, fouling the waters rich in marine life. 
The dollar opened lower at 104.08 yen in Tokyo on Monday, down 0.26 yen from the previous trading day's finish of 104.34 yen.  The rate compared with New York's late Friday quote of 104.11 yen. 
Brazil's Marco Greco completed the fastest field in Indianapolis 500 history here Sunday, bumping Canada's Scott Goodyear to reach the 33-car field.  Greco became the fourth Brazilian in the starting lineup and the ninth driver whose first Indy start will come next Sunday. The field averages a record qualifying speed of 223.270 mph (357.232 km/h). 
Smugglers ignored UN monitors and boldly lugged jugs of gasoline and kerosene across the Dominican border into Haiti Sunday, hours after new, tighter UN trade sanctions took effect.  Just before the trade sanctions were imposed at midnight to try to press the country's military rulers to step aside, army-backed provisional President Emile Jonassaint ordered the Justice Ministry to prosecute anyone organizing trips for Haitians trying to flee for the United States. 
Birdies at 16 and 17 lifted Elaine Crosby to victory in the Lady Keystone Open golf tournament, one shot in front of newly-crowned LPGA Champion Laura Davies of England.  Crosby claimed the second victory over her 11-year career with a two- under 70 for a five-under total of 211. 
North Yemen forces bidding to smash a secession bid by the south said Sunday they had seized control of a strategic military base used by southern forces to battle loyalists closing in on Aden.  A military spokesman in Sanaa told the official Saba news agency that the military base at Ateq, capital of the oil-producing province of Shabwa, had fallen to government troops. 
A rugby official whose team suffered a record loss came up Monday with a novel excuse -- fertiliser.  The Marist club inflicted a senior rugby record 169-0 defeat on Suburbs Saturday, and Suburbs' president Colin Bell suspects fertiliser spread on the pitch as the likely culprit. 
Four candidates from across the political spectrum will find out if their presidential ambitions have borne fruit Monday when a special electoral college of deputies votes here to decide Germany's next head of state.  The special 1,324-strong assembly, which only meets once every five years for presidential elections, comprises the 662 federal members of parliament and an equal number of party-chosen delegates from the 16 regional legislatures. 
President Kim Young-Sam on Monday appointed Park Kun-Woo, secretary general of the World Cup 2002 bidding committee, as vice foreign minister in a reshuffle of seven deputy ministers.  Other ministries affected in the mini-reshuffle were finance, economic planning, agriculture, industry and political affairs. 
A bomb attack on a downtown street in Medellin, Colombia, Sunday killed five policemen and wounded six other people, authorities said.  The explosion triggered a panic and damaged nearby buildings, according to authorities who believe the bomb was planted by the National Guerrilla Coordinator, which has threatened attacks ahead of the May 29 presidential elections. 
Britain's governing Conservative Party trails a distant second in the polls less than three weeks ahead of European elections, a survey published Monday showed.  According to the survey in Monday's Daily Express, 27 percent of electors said they would vote Conservative in the June 9 ballot, compared with 46 percent for the main opposition Labour Party and 22 percent for the Liberal Democrats. 
Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic vowed Sunday to negotiate and, if necessary, fight to preserve the territorial integrity of Bosnia.  Izetbegovic arrived here on Sunday night from Saudi Arabia as guest of French intellectual Bernard-Henri Levy, who is campaigning for a lifting of the arms embargo against the mainly-Moslem government forces and recently released "Bosna," a film about the war in Bosnia- Hercegovina. 
An earthquake shook Mexico City Sunday, sparking a panic among residents and blackouts but no damage was reported, officials said.  The quake, which occurred at 7:43 p.m. local time (0143 GMT Monday) lasted about 30 seconds and was felt as far away as Acapulco, a port city on the Pacific, according to radio reports. 
A professional boxer was mauled by bystanders after he tried to rob a hotel supervisor by pointing his finger, police and the supervisor's staffers said here Monday.  Nora Manuel, supervisor of the local Mandarin Hotel, was on her way home Sunday when the boxer stuck his finger into her back and demanded she give him her money and jewelry. 
Powerful crime syndicates are muscling in on the booming real estate business in India's financial capital, leaving a trail of murders in their wake.  Three high-profile killings, all linked to the high stakes involved in the property trade, have taken place in Bombay in the past two weeks. 
Rwandan government and rebel forces agreed to a two-day truce during the visit of a special United Nations envoy to the war-torn country, UN military officials said. Abdul Kabia, head of the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) said UNAMIR had called on both sides to cease hostilities for the visit by Iqbal Riza, who is due in Kigali Monday. The truce came hours after the mainly Tutsi rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) seized Kigali airport and the nearby barracks from Hutu-dominated government troops in a decisive move for control of the capital, Kabia said. (AFP)  BLANTYRE: Malawi's President Bakili Muluzi dissolved the boards of all the country's state-run organizations in a crackdown on corruption in the regime of his predecessor, long-time ruler Hastings Kamuzu Banda. The organizations, ranging from the University of Malawi to the national airline, had been manned by Banda appointees. Muluzi won Malawi's first democratic elections last week, ending three decades of rule by Banda. (AFP) 
Rwandan government and rebel forces agreed to a two-day truce during the visit of a special United Nations envoy to the war-torn country, UN military officials said. Abdul Kabia, head of the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) said UNAMIR had called on both sides to cease hostilities for the visit by Iqbal Riza, who is due in Kigali Monday. The truce came hours after the mainly Tutsi rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) seized Kigali airport and the nearby barracks from Hutu-dominated government troops in a decisive move for control of the capital, Kabia said. (AFP)  BLANTYRE: Malawi's President Bakili Muluzi dissolved the boards of all the country's state-run organizations in a crackdown on corruption in the regime of his predecessor, long-time ruler Hastings Kamuzu Banda. The organizations, ranging from the University of Malawi to the national airline, had been manned by Banda appointees. Muluzi won Malawi's first democratic elections last week, ending three decades of rule by Banda. (AFP) 
The Haitian government issued a warning Sunday against collaborating with "the enemy" while armed soldiers were out in force in the capital.  Sources said that the Haitian army has been on a maximum state of alert since Friday. 
Six people who said they were relatives of the man charged with killing Mexico's leading presidential candidate crossed the US border Sunday seeking political asylum, officials said.  The group included three children and a woman who said she was the mother of Mario Aburto Colosio, who gunned down the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party's candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio March 23. 
A Sydney road worker, arrested Sunday by police investigating Australia's backpacker serial killings, held up an English tourist at gunpoint in 1990, a court heard here Monday.  Ivan Milat, 49, was charged with robbing a 24-year-old English backpacker with a revolver. No plea was taken. 
Cambodia's Khmer Rouge guerrillas Monday reported attacks on government forces in widely-scattered areas from the extreme northwest to the south.  In a broadcast monitored in Bangkok, Khmer Rouge radio said guerrillas had "liberated Bavel for the third time" in a day-long battle on May 18, an apparent reference to the rebels' hit-and-run combat tactics. 
A French government minister back from a tour of central Africa, said Sunday that the United Nations should urgently despatch troops to war- torn Rwanda and set up safe havens for civilians.  Junior health minister Philippe Douste-Blazy said there was "an urgent need" for the Security Council to implement without delay its resolution calling for 5,500 "blue helmets" to be deployed in Rwanda. 
Hong Kong conglomerate Swire Pacific Ltd. said Monday it had signed a letter of intent with a northern China beverage firm to set up a joint venture producing Coca-Cola and Chinese brand softdrinks.  The letter of intent was signed in Beijing at the weekend between BC Development Co. Ltd., the holding company for Swire Pacific's Coca- Cola bottling interests in north and central China, and Zhengzhou General Food Factory, it said in a statement. 
Hong Kong cable television broadcaster Wharf Cable is expected to reach a final agreement with the British Broadcasting Corp. this week to deliver World Service Television to the territory, Wharf Cable spokeswoman said Monday.  Gilda Cheung said "we are finalizing the agreement" with the BBC to introduce World Service Television on the cable station's new channel, launched Monday. 
Former diplomat Alexander Downer was elected leader of Australia's conservative Liberal Party Monday, defeating incumbent John Hewson by 43 voters to 36, a party official announced.  Hewson called the ballot himself last Friday in an effort to end speculation about his leadership as support crumbled amid gloomy poll- ratings and attacks from senior party members. 
Japan's biggest paper manufacturer, New Oji Paper Co. Ltd., said Monday its pre-tax earnings declined 3.8 percent from a year earlier to 10.5 billion yen (102 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company, a member of the Mitsui group with major pulp and paper operations in Brazil, New Zealand and Canada, said sales grew 8.2 percent to 487 billion yen in the same period. 
Kumagai Gumi (Hong Kong) Ltd. said Monday its consolidated profit in the 15 months ending December 1993 was 351 million Hong Kong dollars (45 million US).  The result compared with a profit of 250 million dollars for the 12 months ending September 30, 1992. 
Chinese Vice Premier Zhu Rongji has called for banks to loosen credit to cash-strapped state enterprises but said hopless ones should be allowed to go bankrupt, reports said Monday.  Emphasising the need to ensure social stability, Zhu said during a recent trip to the central provinces of Hubei and Henan that attention should be focused on "key" areas of agriculture and state enterprises. 
The Cambodian government said Monday it would agree to an unconditional ceasefire across Cambodia if peace talks with the Khmer Rouge this week failed to achieve a political solution to the country's civil war.  "We would like to express our support the king's initiative for a total, unconditional ... ceasefire across all Cambodian territory," said the statement signed by co-premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen, and National Assembly Chairman Chea Sim. 
Australia's ailing Liberal party played the youth card Monday picking Alexander Downer, scion of an old political family, to lead the struggle to win back power from the Labor Party.  The election of the 42-year-old economist and former diplomat was a generational switch aimed at ending division, distrust and personal recriminations which have kept Australia's conservative coalition in the wilderness for 11 years. 
A southern military spokesman denied Monday that northern Yemeni forces had captured a key base at Ateq, capital of the oil-producing province of Shabwa.  The claim by forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh was "totally unfounded, the spokesman told television in Aden, capital of the breakaway state headed by southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid. 
An undersea earthquake measuring 5.8 on the open-ended Richter scale rippled through Taiwan on Monday, but no damage or casualties were immediately reported, the Central Weather Bureau said.  The tremor struck at 13:36 (0536 GMT) and lasted for some 50 seconds, the bureau said, adding that it shook high-rise buildings across the island. 
Australia will need to increase immigration to counter declining population growth in the next century, according to an official report released here Monday.  The Australian Bureau of Statistics projects the population will grow to between 24.9 million and 26.7 million by 2041, compared to 17.7 million last year, depending on immigration and fertility rates. 
Government troops and rebels fought throughout the night with heavy weapons around a gendarmerie base in Kigali and the camp of the presidential guard, but the guns fell silent just before 9:00 a.m. (0700 GMT) Monday, UN spokesman Abdul Kabia reported from the Rwandan capital.  That was shortly after a ceasefire had been due to come into effect at 8:00 a.m. 
A military engineer was killed Monday when a bomb destroyed his car as he drove out of the Spanish capital, police said.  Police blamed the blast, which occured at 8:30 a.m. (0630 GMT), on the outlawed Basque separatist guerilla movement ETA, although no organisation immediately claimed responsibility for the attack. 
Government troops and rebels fought throughout the night with heavy weapons around a gendarmerie base in Kigali and the camp of the presidential guard, but the guns fell silent just before 9:00 a.m. (0700 GMT) Monday, UN spokesman Abdul Kabia reported from the Rwandan capital.  That was shortly after a ceasefire had been due to come into effect at 8:00 a.m. 
The dollar closed slightly lower at 104.30 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Monday, down 0.04 yen from the previous trading day's finish of 104.34 yen.  The central Bank of Japan intervened in the foreign exchange market to support the greenback, which opened lower here Monday, reflecting trends overseas, dealers said. 
British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd and his Russian counterpart Andrei Kozyrev discussed the crisis in Crimea during talks at the weekend, the ITAR-TASS news agency reported Monday.  Tension between the authorities in Kiev and Simferopol reached a high level Friday when deputies in the pro-Russian Crimean parliament in a move tantamount to a declaration of independence voted to introduce a 1992 constitution which had remained in abeyance under pressure from Kiev. 
A Sydney road worker arrested by police hunting Australia's backpacker serial killer held up an English tourist at gunpoint after giving a lift, a court here heard Monday.  Ivan Milat, 49, appeared in court as police searched his home in the Sydney suburbs. 
Japanese computer-game giant Nintendo Co. Ltd. said Monday its pre-tax earnings plunged 44 percent from a year earlier to 92.8 billion yen (900 million dollars) in the year to March.  Sales dived 23.5 percent to 486 billion yen in the same period. 
Japanese semiconductor parts maker Kyocera Corp. said Monday its consolidated pre-tax earnings surged 39 percent from a year earlier to 68.4 billion yen (664 million dollars) in the year to March.  But the world's largest manufacturer of ceramic packages for integrated circuits said global sales dipped 0.9 percent to 428 billion yen in the same period, depressed by lower sales in the United States and Europe. 
North Korea indicated Monday it was willing to rejoin the nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty (NPT) and widen access to nuclear sites, if the United States abandons its "hostile" approach toward Pyongyang.  The Workers' Daily, quoted by the official news agency KCNA received here, rounded on Washington, accusing it of triggering the crisis on the Korean peninsula by refusing to hold a new round of talks with the North. 
Former diplomat Alexander Downer assumed control of Australia's Liberal Party on Monday and promised to end years of "dark and divisive politics."  The 42-year-old son and grandson of prominent Australian politicians won a ballot against incumbent John Hewson, who last week called the leadership vote after support crumbled amid gloomy poll-ratings and dissatisfaction among party chiefs. 
Chinese Vice Premier Zhu Rongji has called for banks to loosen credit to state firms hit by the government's anti-inflation policy, citing the importance of ensuring social stability, reports said Monday.  The call by Zhu, who is also governor of the central bank, confirmed recent indications that cries for help from the loss-making state sector had prompted the government to loosen its tight credit policy amid fears of labour unrest, despite continuing inflation of more than 20 percent. 
Northern Yemeni forces said they were in control Monday of a strategic military base in the southern oil province of Shabwa, but the claim was hotly denied by their rivals.  A military spokesman in Sanaa said that the military base at Ateq, capital of Shabwa, had fallen to government troops. 
The rand was lower against the dollar here Monday, opening at 3.6775/90 to the greenback from its previous close of 3.6740/55.  Dealers said the rand was being driven to historic lows by speculators, but exporters selling dollars would cushion the fall. 
Nigerians were called to the polls Monday to vote for delegates to a constitutional conference amid opposition boycott calls and threats by pro-democracy groups to "physically" prevent the ballot.  The military government of General Sani Abacha, who seized power in November, has declared Monday a public holiday in an attempt to encourage voters to turn out en masse to choose delegates to electoral colleges in each of Nigeria's 30 states and the federal capital territory, Abuja. 
Palestinian police fired on an Israeli car which drove through a checkpoint between the Gaza Strip and Israel without stopping on Monday, military sources said.  The Israeli, who was carrying Palestinian workers in his car, told Israeli radio he had not stopped because he only wanted to be checked by the troops manning the Israeli side of the crossing. 
The 73-year-old co-founder and chairman of Sony Corp., Akio Morita, was discharged from hospital on Saturday and is recovering from a surgery for a brain hemorrhage, a company spokesman said Monday.  "Doctors state that Morita's progress has been satisfactory. He is currently undergoing physical therapy and is making steady progress in speaking and walking," the spokesman said in a news release. 
An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the open-ended Richter scale was recorded early Monday in the Sea of Crete, an Athens-based geological institute reported.  Local authorities said the quake did not claim any victims but cracks could be seen in homes on the northern part of the island of Crete. 
The ruble continued slipping against the dollar Monday and was quoted at 1,890 to the dollar on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange.  The ruble was quoted at 1,886 against the greenback on Friday. 
The Cannes film festival was preparing for its grand finale Monday evening, with the announcement of this year's coveted Golden Palm, one of the world's top cinema honours.  After 12 days of hectic filmgoing, the 10-member jury went into secret conclave at an unspecified location to choose the film which will take over the laurels from last year's joint Chinese and Australasian winners. 
World number one Steffi Graf told the press to stop sniping at women's tennis as she prepared to launch her campaign to complete an elusive Grand Slam at the French Open here on Monday.  The defending champion, who will open the tournament on the Roland Garros Stadium's centre court against Slovakian Katarina Studenikova, said press claims there were problems should not be taken too seriously. 
The far-right Republican party presented a last-minute presidential candidate Monday as a special federal assembly gathered here to choose a new German head of state.  This fifth candidate, Hans Hirzel from Baden-Wuerttemberg, has no chance of being elected against the three main party candidates and an independent. The Republicans have only eight votes among the 1,324 of the federal assembly. 
Britain's seasonally adjusted visible trade deficit with countries outside the European Union narrowed to 566 million pounds (849 million dollars) in April from a revised 686 million pounds in March, the central statistical office (CSO) said Monday.  The deficit in April, excluding oil, was 621 million pounds, down from the revised 685 million pound deficit in March, originally reported as 702 million pounds. 
Chinese film maker Yin Li, who has been prevented from attending the Cannes festival, said Monday he expected to go France in the next few days after a short delay.  "I regret not having been able to leave for France (on Sunday) but still expect to go to Paris in a few days then head to other European countries to promote my film," he said here. 
Colombia beat German league side Eintracht Frankfurt 4-0 here Sunday in a World Cup warm-up match.  Faustino Asprilla, with two, Victor Aristizabal and Freddy Rincon scored for Colombia who have now won 10, drawn six and lost one of their matches in preparation for USA 94. 
France's Alcatel on Monday won Telekom Malaysia's first foreign contract to set up a global telephone network in Sri Lanka, which the Malaysian firm is to run on a joint-venture with Colombo's Maharaja Organisation Ltd.  Alcatel is to supply and maintain the Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) for MTN Network Pte. Ltd. -- a Telekom-Maharaja company -- under a five-year deal worth 25 million ringgit (10 million dollars). 
Japan's Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. said Monday its pre-tax earnings dived 12 percent from a year earlier to 19.9 billion yen (193 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company, one of the country's biggest drugmakers and a leading force in antibiotics, said sales were flat at 235 billion yen. 
Hong Kong people emigrating overseas ahead of the British colony's transfer to Chinese sovereignty in 1997 dropped nearly 20 percent last year to 53,000, a government spokesman said Monday.  The decrease was attributed to the lingering recession in many of the western countries which emigrants choose to move to and reduced immigration quotas in destination countries, the spokesman said. 
China wants an early solution to financing problems that have entangled plans to build a new airport for Hong Kong, a senior Chinese official said Monday, calling on Britain to take Chinese proposals "seriously."  Zhang Junsheng, vice-director of Xinhua News Agency, China's de-facto government representative in Hong Kong, said China did not want to prolong negotiations on the financing of the mammoth airport scheme, but "the difficulty is not on the Chinese side." 
A local subsidiary of the Royal Dutch Shell Group has flowed gas at a rate of 24.8 million cubic feet (744,000 cubic metres) and condensate at 953 barrels per day (bpd) at an offshore well in southwestern Philippines, the energy department said here Monday.  The gas find in the Malampaya-3 well, northest of Palawan island came two weeks after the same firm, Shell Philippines Exploration, also struck oil at 5,487 bpd at the same site during its first drill stem test. 
Japan's biggest paper manufacturer New Oji Paper Co. Ltd. said Monday its pre-tax earnings declined 3.8 percent from a year earlier to 10.5 billion yen (102 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company, a member of the Mitsui group with major pulp and paper operations in Brazil, New Zealand and Canada, said sales grew 8.2 percent to 487 billion yen in the same period, boosted by sales of general paper. But prices for all types of papers were lower, leading to the decline in earnings. 
A Japanese court on Monday ordered Tokyo Electric Power Co. Inc. to pay 106.6 million yen (one million dollars) in lost wages and compensation to 13 employees who suffered discrimination because of their political beliefs.  The Chiba District Court upheld the plaintiffs' claims, ruling that Tokyo Electric Power, the world's biggest private electric power company, discriminated against the employees for wages and promotions because they were members or supporters of the Japan Communist Party. 
British Airways, Britain's biggest airline, on Monday announced a 63 percent hike in annual pre-tax profits to 301 million pounds (451.5 million dollars) compared with 185 million pounds for the previous year.  The results, for the year to March, were in line with analysts' expectations of between 295 and 307 million pounds. 
A New Zealand club president has blamed fertiliser for a record senior rugby defeat.  Nine first-team players were ill when Suburbs lost 169-0 to Marist on Saturday. 
A special federal assembly began meeting in Berlin Monday to elect a new German head of state to succeed Richard von Weizsaecker, who under the constitution must retire after serving two five-year terms.  The winner will be the first president elected by representatives of the reunited Germany, and the seventh of post-war, federal Germany. 
Thousands of rotting bodies of victims of Rwanda's bloodbath have washed up on the shores of Lake Victoria, forcing Uganda to declare a disaster zone in the area, state radio reported Monday.  Because of the risk of epidemics from the bleached and decomposing bodies floating in the lake or lying on the shore, Uganda's government has declared parts of three southwestern districts near the Rwandan border disaster areas. 
Forty-nine Vietnamese Buddhists have threatened to burn themselves alive to protest government persecution despite an appeal against self-immolations from their spiritual leader, according to a statement from a dissident Buddhist church released Monday.  The monks, nuns and lay-people have written to the Venerable Thich Huyen Quang, leader of the United Buddhist Church of Vietnam (UBVC), to ask his blessing for the protest suicides, the church's Paris bureau said in the statement. 
Palestinian police fired on an Israeli car which drove through a joint checkpoint in the Gaza Strip without stopping on Monday, military sources said.  Shmuel Cohen, who was carrying Palestinian workers in his car, told state radio he had not stopped because he only wanted to be checked by the troops manning the Israeli side of the crossing. 
Thousands of rotting bodies of victims of Rwanda's bloodbath have washed up on the shores of Lake Victoria, forcing Uganda to declare the area a disaster zone, state radio reported Monday.  Because of the risk of epidemics from the bleached and decomposing bodies floating in the lake or lying on the shore, Uganda's government has declared parts of three southwestern districts near the Rwandan border disaster areas. 
The dollar was marginally higher against the yen in early trading on Monday after the bank of Japan had intervened overnight to buy dollars for yen, slowing the rise of the Japanese currency, dealers said.  By midmorning, the dollar climbed to 104.18 yen from 103.88 at the close on Friday, but was weaker against the mark at 1.6435 marks from 1.6495. 
Israel threatened Monday to break off negotiations unless PLO leader Yasser Arafat retracts comments about the autonomy agreement.  Environment Minister Yossi Sarid said "Israel will not continue the autonomy negotiations unless Arafat retracts his comments." 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin prepared to meet here Monday with his Ukrainian counterpart Efim Zviagilsky to discuss the Crimean crisis one day ahead of crucial talks in Kiev between Ukrainian and secessionist leaders.  The meetings come amid reports of a military build-up in the Russian- speaking republic following Friday's decision by the Crimean parliament to restore a 1992 constitution, a move viewed by Kiev as tantamount to an independence declaration. 
Steffi Graf wasted no time and dropped only four games as she launched her bid for a fourth French Open singles crown on a sun-drenched centre-court at the Roland Garros Stadium here on Monday.  The 24-year-old world number one, who needed just 57 minutes to defeat Slovakian Katarina Studenikova, will now face either Natalia Medvedeva of the Ukraine or Stephanie Rottier of the Netherlands. 
Rwanda's army and rebels began a truce Monday, after a night of fighting, for the visit of a special UN envoy who is to prepare the ground for the planned arrival of thousands of peacekeeping troops, UN officials said.  "We haven't heard gunfire all morning," said a UN official contacted by telephone in Kigali. 
Herewith a list of the 23 films in the main competition at the 47th Cannes International Film Festival, May 12-23, in the order they were presented.  The festival was preparing Monday for its grand finale later in the day with the announcement of this year's coveted Golden Palm, the top award. 
New Zealand brewer DB Group Monday reported a 98.1 million New Zealand dollar (57.5 million US) net loss in the nine months ended March 31.  The slump compared with a net profit of 6.8 million dollars in the previous corresponding period. 
US-based Dow Chemical Co. Inc. said on Monday it had signed the basis of an agreement to establish a joint-venture to be based in Hong Kong with Japanese Asahi Chemical Industry Co. Ltd.  The 50-50 joint venture between the two chemical giants would engage in the marketing, sales and service of polystyrene primarily in China, Hong Kong, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore. 
Japanese construction machinery giant Komatsu Ltd. said on Monday that its consolidated pre-tax earnings fell by 55 percent to 13.9 billion yen (135 million dollars) in the year to March from the figure for the previous year.  The world's second-largest manufacturer of construction equipment said that sales had fallen by 2.8 percent to 846 billion yen during the period. They had been depressed by a fall in sales of both construction and industrial machinery. 
Israel threatened Monday to break off negotiations unless PLO leader Yasser Arafat retracted remarks implying the autonomy agreement was a ploy and could be broken.  Environment Minister Yossi Sarid said "Israel will not continue the autonomy negotiations unless Arafat retracts his comments." 
Boris Becker withdrew from the French Open here on Monday when he injured his back in practice. The 10th seeded German has never won a clay court event. 
The first World Conference on Natural Disaster Reduction opened in Yokohama Monday with experts and officials from 130 nations gathering to discuss measures to reduce damage and casualties from catastrophes.  Nearly 2,000 officials and experts gathered for the five-day UN- sponsored event to discuss preventive measures and alert systems to save lives during natural disasters. 
Foreign delegates will ignore a government ban on entering the Philippines to attend a conference on East Timor, organizers said here Monday.  Leftist activist Renato Constantino said non-Philippines delegates who were not on a government list of foreigners barred from the country still planned to attend the conference starting May 31. 
Share prices edged lower here in quiet trading early on Monday, with falls in the gilts market keeping equities low, dealers said.  By midmorning, the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares was down by 8.5 points to 3,118.8 representing a decline of 0.2 percent. Markets in Paris and elsewhere in Europe were closed for the Penticost holiday. 
South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo said Monday that North Korea should understand that cooperation in defusing the row over its suspected nuclear-arms program would guarantee international help in rebuilding its economy.  "It is important that North Korea understands ... that the international community would like to see this issue resolved through dialogue," Han told journalists here after meeting Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas. 
A second private bank in the Philippines has sought emergency standby assistance from the government after being hit by a securities scam, its president said here on Monday.  Planters Development Bank (PDB), whose investors include government banks, the Asian Development Bank and the Netherlands Development Finance Co., said its application for a standby loan was just a "prudent move." 
The Japanese Minolta Camera Co. Ltd. announced plans to invest 2.5 billion yen (24 million dollars) to set up a wholly-owned unit in southern China to produce photocopiers and laser-beam printers for export, on Monday.  The Osaka-based company plans to launch production at a new plant in Dongguan in Guangdong province in October, aiming to double the initial monthly output of 5,000 copiers and 10,000 printers within six months. The local content ratio is targeted to reach between 70 percent and 80 percent. 
India must more than double its grain output to some 400 million tonnes a year over the next 50 years, to meet the needs of its spiralling population, Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha said Monday.  Rao told a meeting of agriculture experts that existing methods of cultivation were inadequate and new methods were needed to boost foodgrain production, which totalled nearly 180 million tonnes in the last fiscal year. 
Paris St Germain have been barred from signing any new players just a week after winning the French league championship because they are too heavily indebted.  The French league's financial watchdog, the DNCG, refused to publish any figures. 
Turkish Prime Minister Tansu Ciller headed to the United States on Monday for a private visit during which she plans to meet with various American financial groups, Anatolia news agency reported.  Ciller, accompanied by her top advisor, Volkan Vural, and the deputy governor of the Turkish Central Bank, Bilsel Alisbah, plans to travel to Boston to meet with business leaders and to attend her son's graduation Saturday from Mount Ida College. 
Leading British car and engine maker Rolls-Royce plc is to team up with Hong Kong-based trading and investment firm MKI Corp. Ltd. to pursue power generation projects in China, MKI said on Monday.  Through MKI which is extensively involved in infrastructure projects in China, Roll-Royce Industrial Power Group would implement power- generation projects in China. 
Australian miner MIM Holdings Ltd. announced here Monday the sale of its 3.5 percent stake in German metals producer Metallgesellschaft AG.  MIM said in a statement it had sold all of its 304,657 shares in the German company over the past few months at an average price of 247.29 marks per share, worth about 62.5 million Australian dollars (45 million US). 
Tenth-seed Boris Becker, who had been hoping to win the only major title that has always eluded him, was forced out of the French Open here on Monday after an injury in training.  The 26-year-old three-times Wimbledon champion, who was finalist at the Italian Open two weeks ago, strained a back muscle in training for his first round match against American Jonathan Stark. 
A special 1,324-member federal assembly began meeting in Berlin Monday amid suspense and high security to elect a new German head of state to succeed Richard von Weizsaecker.  Under the constitution, the popular Weizsaecker, 74, must retire by June 30 after serving two five-year terms, and five candidates are vying to succeed him in what promises to be a close vote. 
Hanoi's anti-drugs police chief has been sentenced to four years jail by a local tribunal after one of Vietnam's biggest corruption cases, a legal source said Monday.  Captain Pham Xuan Lien, son of first deputy Interior Minister Pham Tam Long, will be sent to a prison farm, the source said. 
Herewith a list of the winners of the Golden Palm for the last 20 years:  1974: "The Conversation" by Francis Ford Coppola, US. 
Owing to observance of the Pentecost religious holiday, stock markets were closed on Monday in Amsterdam, Brussels, Frankfurt, Paris and Zurich. 
The self-proclaimed Republic of Somaliland, which broke away from Somalia three years ago, on Monday recognised the newly-proclaimed Yemen Democratic Republic in the south of the country.  A statement faxed to AFP here from President Mohamed Ibrahim Egal in the Somaliland capital, Hargeisa, said Somaliland would recognize the constitutionality and legitimacy of the new sovereign republic in South Yemen and would place at its disposal all its support. 
China hopes that talks here this week with Russia will help diversify bilateral trade and lead to strengthened management of existing border exchanges between the two neighbours, reports said on Monday.  Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Shokhin and Chinese Vice Premier Li Lanqing, are to preside over the three-day second session of the Sino-Russian Joint Commission on Economic, Trade and Technical Cooperation, which begins here Tuesday, the China Daily said. 
The Polish government and the London Club of private creditors agreed on how a debt-reduction plan should be enacted at a weekend meeting, the chief Polish negotiator Krzysztof Krowacki said on Monday.  Poland owes the private creditors 13.2 billion dollars. In March the two sides had agreed a plan to reduce the debt. 
The Japanese NEC Corp. announced on Monday an agreement to set up a computer software development venture in Beijing next month with the Chinese Academy of Sciences.  The new company, NEC-CAS Software Laboratories Ltd., would be capitalised at 150 million yen (1.5 million dollars) with NEC holding 90 percent and the Institute of Software of the Academia Sinica holding the remaining 10 percent. 
Ruling party candidate Roman Herzog was ahead after a first-round vote by a special federal assembly here Monday, winning 604 of 1,317 votes, assembly chairman Rita Suessmuth said.  The Social Democrats' candidate Johannes Rau won 505, the liberal Free Democrats' candidate Hildegard Hamm-Bruecher won 132 and independent candidate Jens Reich won 62 votes, she said. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on Monday demanded a written commitment to the Palestinian self-rule deal from PLO leader Yasser Arafat after his claim that the accord could be broken.  Rabin's spokeswoman Lynda Shimon said the prime minister was seeking Arafat's written pledge "that the PLO will adhere to the (autonomy) agreement signed in Cairo" along with the Declaration of Principles signed at the White House last September and the mutual recognition accord. 
A military engineer was killed Monday when a bomb destroyed his car as he drove out of the Spanish capital, police said.  Police blamed the blast, which occured at 8:30 a.m. (0630 GMT), on the outlawed Basque separatist guerilla movement ETA, but no group claimed responsibility for the attack. 
Michael Laudrup said Monday he was leaving Barcelona but the Danish international refused to say who he would play for next season.  He would not comment on reports that he had already signed for Real Madrid. 
Northern Yemeni forces said they were in control Monday of a key southern military base in an oil-rich desert region.  The base at Ateq, capital of eastern Shabwa province, had fallen, an army spokesman in Sanaa said. 
The Swiss Sandoz group has made a friendly takeover bid for the leading US baby-food group Gerber Products valuing the company at 3.7 billion dollars, Sandoz said on Monday.  Sandoz had offered to acquire all of the shares in Gerber for 53 dollars per share which was 53 percent more than the closing price on Wall Street on Friday, Sandoz said. 
"Our accounts would have been balanced by the end of June so I don't see why the DNCG acted now," he said. 
China is planning to import one trillion US dollars in goods in the next seven years, a Chinese trade official said on Monday.  Zheng Silin, vice minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation, told the opening of the Hong Kong '94 China Trade and Investment Conference that imports were worth 104 billion dollars last year. 
Hundreds of Tibetans formed a human chain in a downtown park here Monday to mark "International Quit Tibet Day," witnesses said.  Wearing identical white T-shirts with "China Quit Tibet" in black lettering on the front, the nearly 1,000 demonstrators held hands, chanted anti-Chinese slogans and sang the Tibetan national hymn. 
Kigali's guns fell silent Monday as Rwanda's army and rebels stopped firing to allow a visiting UN envoy to pave the way for the deployment of thousands of peacekeepers to stem ethnic carnage, a UN spokesman said.  As special envoy Iqbal Riza held talks with the rebels, the truce brought calm to Rwanda's blood-drenched capital after a night of heavy shelling and the capture of Kigali airport and a key army barracks by the rebels Sunday. 
President Boris Yeltsin abolished export quotas on Monday, called for tax cuts and cracked down on inter-enterprise debt in a major economic overhaul aimed at stopping a drastic fall in production, a presidential aide said.  Alexander Lifshits, the head of a presidential panel of experts, told reporters that the six decrees signed by Yeltsin on Monday would spur free-market reforms which, he said, were slowed down by parliament's lack of initiative. 
A sharp drop in the production of basic foods means that Southern Africa will need massive injections of aid to avoid widespread starvation this year, according to expert predictions and local reports Monday.  The quarterly food security bulletin of the ten-nation Southern African Development Community (SADC) says poor rains mean a "significant drop" of some 15 percent in the cereal harvest this year, from 11.65 million tonnes last year to 9.95 million tonnes. 
Bosnian Serb commanders failed to pull 150 armed policemen out of the eastern town of Gorazde this weekend, as agreed, The UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) reported Monday.  The Serbs' failure to abide by the Gorazde accord could torpedo the resumption of peace talks on Bosnia-Hercegovina, obervers warned. 
The 1984 murder of Roman Catholic priest, Father Jerzy Popieluszko, was "planned down to the last detail", former prime minister Jan Olszewski said Monday.  Olszewski was giving evidence at the trial in Warsaw of two former communist generals, Wladyslaw Ciaston and Zenon Platek, who are charged with ordering the killing of the chaplain in the trade union movement Solidarity, which spearheaded opposition to Communist Party rule. 
Another early injury victim was Mikael Pernfors who had to retire in his first-round match against fellow-Swedish quaifier Lars Jonsson.  The 1986 finalist was trailing 5-7, 2-6, and had just been broken at the start of the third set when he told the umpire he would have to stop because of a deteriorating injury to his left foot. 
Parliamentary debate on Japan's stalled budget resumed Monday with Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata renewing a pledge to pass the bills, delayed for almost three months, by the end of June.  Hata, heading the nation's first minority government in 39 years, told the lower-house budget committee that he would use "all means" to pass the bills during the current session of parliament, which lasts until June 29. 
The Swiss Sandoz group has made a friendly takeover bid for the leading US baby-food group Gerber Products valuing the company at 3.7 billion dollars, Sandoz said on Monday.  Sandoz had offered to acquire all of the shares in Gerber for 53 dollars per share which was 53 percent more than the closing price on Wall Street on Friday, Sandoz said. 
British Trade Minister Richard Needham flew here Monday armed with a secret message from Prime Minister John Major amid speculation Malaysia is soon to lift a near three-month boycott of British firms.  "I want to talk to him (Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad) about the ideas that I bring with me for the future of Malaysian-British relationship," Needham was quoted by Bernama news agency as saying on arrival for a two-day visit. 
About 30,000 Palestinian refugees are threatened with expulsion from their Beirut camps to make room for a luxury hotel and new roads as part of efforts to give the Lebanese capital a face-lift.  "The Lebanese government wants to build a five-star hotel on a stretch of land in Chatila camp that skirts the Sports City ahead of the 1996 Pan-Arab Games," said Suheil Natur, a member of the Palestinian opposition. 
"Take away the Taj, save industry" -- reads freshly-painted graffiti in the Taj Mahal town of Agra, site of the world's greatest monument to love.  The slogan sums up a campaign by factory owners and workers fearful about their own survival amid a crusade to protect the 17th century white-marble mausoleum from a slow cancer caused by pollution. 
Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev arrived Monday in Berlin for a short unofficial visit accompanied by a group of generals, a spokesman for Russian armed forces in Germany said.  Grachev was set to meet representatives from Deutsche Bank to discuss financial details regarding the withdrawal of Moscow's remaining forces, ITAR-TASS said. The bank was unavailable for comment. 
Britain's seasonally-adjusted visible trade deficit with countries outside the European Union narrowed to 566 million pounds (849 million dollars) in April from a revised 686 million pounds in March, the central statistical office (CSO) said on Monday.  The reduction flowed from a decrease in the ratio of imports to exports, and the resulting deficit was less than analysts' expectations of between 650 million to 700 million pounds. 
Taiwan said Monday it had no plans to resume high-level talks with China until progress is made on resolving the mass killing of 24 Taiwanese tourists and other thorny issues.  The cabinet-level Mainland Affairs Council (MAC) in a closed-door meeting last week decided not to hold another round of talks between Koo Chen-fu, head of the semi-official Straits Exchange Foundation (SEF), and his Chinese counterpart Wang Daohan of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Strait (ARATS), MAC officals said Monday. 
A low-flying World War II Lancaster bomber will drop two million poppies into the English Channel to commemorate allied war dead during the 50th anniversary celebration of D-Day, it was announced Monday.  The drop will take place in mid-Channel on Sunday June 5 from a Lancaster swooping low over the liner Canberra carrying hundreds of D-Day veterans back to the Normandy beaches where they landed 50 years ago, the Defense Ministry said. 
John Henry Weidner, a former Dutch army captain who ran an underground network that saved more than 1,000 Jews and Allied servicemen during World War II, has died. He was 81.  Weidner died Saturday of heart failure at his home in Monterrey Park, a suburb of Los Angeles, his wife Naomi said. 
Only a trickle of Nigerians went to register Monday in elections to a constitutional conference organised by the military regime amid boycott calls by pro-democracy campaigners, reports across the country said.  At several polling stations in Lagos, the commercial capital inhabited by some six million people, nobody at all had registered in the first three hours after the polls opened, while at others visited by AFP, fewer than a score of names were recorded. 
Ireland rugby union coach Gerry Murphy has rejected Wallaby hooker Phil Kearns' claims that the Irish would resort to fighting to counter Australia's apparent superiority in the coming internationals.  "We have no interest in fighting," said Murphy shortly after the squad arrived in Canberra for Wednesday's game against the ACT. 
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) has asked the Israeli government for permission to visit Mustafa Dirani, a Moslem Lebanese leader kidnapped by Israeli commandos over the weekend, the ICRC said Monday.  It said that if its request was rejected it would publicly remind Israel that it is a signatory to the Geneva convention on human rights. 
Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev arrived Monday in Berlin for a short unofficial visit accompanied by a group of generals, a spokesman for Russian armed forces in Germany said.  Grachev was set to meet representatives from Deutsche Bank to discuss financial details regarding the withdrawal of Moscow's remaining forces, ITAR-TASS said. The bank was unavailable for comment. 
A new poll released Monday found a majority of Americans believe recent immigrants cause problems and one in five want to send them all back home.  The poll by CBS television found that 53 percent of those surveyed believe that immigrants cause problems compared to 29 percent who thought they contributed to the country. 
Israel on Monday demanded a written commitment to the Palestinian self-rule deal from PLO leader Yasser Arafat after his claim that the accord could be broken.  It threatened to break off negotiations to broaden Palestinian autonomy if he failed to do so. 
Jyoti Basu, chief minister of the Indian state of West Bengal, denied on Monday press reports that North Korea had requested food aid during his recent visit to Pyongyang.  Basu, a member of the politburo of the Communist Party of India (Marxist), said in a statement that the reports that North Korean officials had asked him to arrange emergency shipments of rice from India were "absolutely baseless." 
Colombian Vice President Juan Manuel Santos Monday pleaded for deeper global commitment to combat drug trafficking, and expressed his country's determination to wipe out dangerous drug cartels.  "We have defeated so-called narco-terrorism, but to defeat drug trafficking, a deeper commitment and cooperation of all nations of the world is required," Santos said in his address to leaders of the Pacific business community gathered here for a three-day meeting. 
The candidate of Chancellor Helmut Kohl's ruling Christian Democrat party led the first round of voting Monday by a special federal assembly to choose a German president.  Roman Herzog, the conservative chairman of the country's constitutional court, won 604 of the 1,317 votes cast in a first round by the specially-convened 1,324-member assembly of federal members of parliament and delegates of the 16 German regional legislatures. 
Greece will privatise a quarter of the national telecommunications concern by the end of the year, placing shares in Japan and the United States as well as in Europe, Economy Minister Yannos Papantoniou said on Monday.  The announcement, which was seen a significant in the context of heavy pressure against the drachma, replaces a previous plan to privatise 49 percent of the company. 
Andrie Kanchelskis will not be turning out for Russia after all in next month's World Cup.  The Russian team managent, who only a week ago were confident of including the Manchester United right winger in their squad, disclosed here Monday that he had declined selection. 
US and Japanese negotiators went into a fifth day of talks here Monday to try to break a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade negotiations.  Sakayuki Hayashi, Japanese deputy foreign minister for economic affairs, would say only that the talks were continuing as he entered the US Trade Representative's Office here. 
Henri Leconte, finalist in 1988, crashed out of the French Open on Monday and admitted: "I'm too slow."  Leconte, now 30 and one of the most spectacular but erratic strokeplayers of recent years, went down in straight-sets to Dutchman Paul Haarhuis on Roland Garros' new 10,000-capacity 'A' court on the first day of the 1994 Championships. 
Six UN disarmament experts travelled to Iraq on Monday for a week-long mission to monitor ballistic missiles, a UN official here said.  The official at the Bahrain-based UN commission for disarming post-war Iraq said the experts would set up a "technical reference baseline" for Iraqi missile systems. 
The candidate of the ruling Christian Union parties, Roman Herzog, led through a second-round vote by a special federal assembly here Monday to choose a new German head of state, winning 622 out of 1,318 votes.  But he failed to win the absolute majority to be sure of succeeding Richard von Weizsaecker as federal president. 
Italy's best known Mafia turncoat, Tommaso Buscetta, claims in a book soon to be published that the 1962 death of Enrico Mattei, the former head of the state-owned energy conglomerate ENI, was orchestrated by the American Mafia.  His revelation in the book, titled "Goodbye Cosa Nostra. The Life of Tommaso Buscetta" and written by Pino Arlacchi, a university professor who specializes in organized crime, sheds light on a case never resolved by authorities. 
Four major undersea earthquakes measuring from 4.6 to 5.8 on the open- ended Richter scale rocked Taiwan on Monday, but no damage or casualties were immediately reported, the Central Weather Bureau said.  The tremors which took place between 12:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. (0400 GMT and 0800 GMT) were followed by more than 60 minor quakes, Chien Wen-feng, chief of the earthquake section of the bureau, said. 
Two computer software companies, Microsoft Corporation and Creative Technology Limited, Monday announced a strategic alliance to develop compatible audio and computer systems products for personal computers.  "This relationship will benefit end users as well as third party developers by providing a comprehensive audio solution based on established methods," Creative said in a statement. 
US and Japanese negotiators went into a fifth day of talks here Monday to try to break a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade negotiations.  Asked as he came out of his office to comment on the chances of reaching an agreement in the dispute, the United States Trade Representative (USTR) Mickey Kantor said "I am realistic," 
South Africa's new government held its first working session here Monday as Zulu leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi angrily rejected any impropriety in a deal that saw the former white government sign over vast tracts of land to the Zulu king.  Buthelezi, president of the Zulu nationalist Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) and Home Affairs minister in the new government, lashed out at reporters for suggesting there was a row between him and Nelson Mandela's government over the deal. 
The Swiss Sandoz group has offered a 53-percent premium to buy the leading US baby-food group Gerber Products valuing the company at 3.7 billion dollars in a friendly takeover announced Monday.  Sandoz had offered to acquire all of the shares in Gerber for 53 dollars per share which was 53 percent more than the closing price on Wall Street on Friday, Sandoz said. 
President Bill Clinton's wife Hillary may try to succeed her husband in the White House, according to an article in the latest edition of The New Yorker magazine.  But one person cited in the magazine article by Connie Bruck denied making the remarks attributed to her and a spokeswoman for Mrs. Clinton said the story "goes beyond imagination and is untrue." 
An international conference on Asia's growing security problems, including nuclear proliferation, Burma and Cambodia, opened in Bangkok Monday.  Eighteen nations were represented at the meeting to lay the groundwork for the first Asia Regional Forum on Security, to be held in the Thai capital on July 25. 
British driver Nigell Mansell was reported to be considering a multi- million dollar offer for his return to Formula One racing.  According to the Sun newspaper, Williams-Renault want the reigning Indy-Car champion back in Formula One as a replacement for Brazilian ace Ayrton Senna who was killed at Imola earlier this month. 
Three Thai women were sentenced to 10 years in prison each Monday for killing another Thai woman who had forced them to become prostitutes, news reports said.  The prosecution's demand of life imprisonment for the three, aged 27 to 32, was rejected. 
Wall Street prices were sharply down in early trading Monday as interest rates rose on the bonds market and dealers cashed in their profits from seven consecutive daily rises.  Several minutes after the opening, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was down 19.65 points at 3,746.70 points. It closed Friday up 7.37 points at 3,766.35 points. 
Lebanon on Monday condemned Israel's abduction of a pro-Iranian Shiite Moslem guerilla leader as a blow to the Middle East peace process.  Saturday's kidnapping of Resistance of the Faithful leader Mustafa Dirani was "a violation of international law which harmed the already- troubled peace process," Foreign Minister Fares Bweiz told reporters here. 
An explosion rocked an area behind the Belfast city hall Monday, police said.  The police said there could be casualties from the blast. They gave no immediate indication of the cause of the explosion. 
Senior Moslem clerics and PLO officials rejected an Israeli demand on Monday for a written committment from Yasser Arafat on the self-rule accord, charging Israeli scholars with "distorting" history.  "Moslem rulers throughout history have abided by any document they signed with non-Moslems," insisted Sheikh Aakrameh Sabri, head of Islamic preaching and guidance in Jerusalem. 
The dollar was mixed in quiet early Wall Street trading Monday as several of the main European markets were closed for a holiday.  The ounce of gold meanwhile was up 60 cents from its Friday close and was at 386.50 dollars. 
Angolan rebels on Monday shelled the government-held town of Malanje in the north of the country, causing the United Nations further to suspend relief flights, official radio reported.  Rebels of the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) continued their battle for the town, where a UN plane delivering food aid came under artillery fire as it tried to land on Friday, officials said. 
Sudanese rebels said Monday the government refused to discuss a ceasefire during last week's peace talks in Kenya because Khartoum had the "illusion" that it can achieve military victory over rebel fighters.  "A ceasefire was raised by the mediators but the government delegation rejected it because they have the illusion that they will defeat the SPLA (Sudan People's Liberation Army) militarily," said Pagan Amum, spokesman for the mainstream SPLA delegation in the latest round of Sudan peace talks held in Nairobi last week. 
One of Hong Kong's best loved couples were spending Monday night apart -- one behind bars for biting a workman, the other at the territory's smartest address.  Whisky, the male half of Governor Chris Patten's Norfolk terrier duo, was taken away in disgrace by the authorities after he bit a 21-year- old workman, while his mate Soda waited behind, officials said. 
North Korea Monday criticized the RIMPAC military drills planned by Japan and other western countries in the Pacific this year.  "The naval forces of the United States, Japan and the South Korean puppets plan to form the first unified fleet ever in history and stage a joint operation against fleets of other countries," a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman said. 
Nelson Mandela will make his first overseas trip as South African president to Tunis next month for a OAU summit that should formalize his country's membership in the international body, a government official said Monday.  Foreign ministry director general Rusty Evans told reporters Mandela would attend the summit of the Organization for African Unity from June 13 to 15. 
Owners of tankers calling at Yemeni ports must begin paying higher premiums to cover war risks, the Cyprus-based Middle East Economic Survey said Monday.  The Institute of London Underwriters, Lloyd's Underwriters Association and Norwegian Underwriters notified marine insurance customers on May 10 that all Yemen ports are part of "war risk excluded areas" effective May 17, MEES said. 
Sixty percent of Canadians would like to see an increase in trade with Japan, but a majority also feels Japan should do more to protect the environment and contribute more to international peacekeeping, a new poll reveals.  The Angus Reid poll, conducted for the Japanese Government, found that, while 60 percent of Canadians favored increased trade with Japan, only 25 percent believed increased bilateral trade would help the Canadian economy. 
Former socialist premier Bettino Craxi has appealed against a decision by Milan's prosecutor forcing him to surrender his passport pending corruption charges, his lawyers announced Monday.  Nicolo Amato and Enzo La Giudice issued the appeal to a city court which is to decide Thursday whether or not to revoke the prosecutor's May 12 decision made to ensure Craxi does not flee the country. 
The Free Democrat Party (FDP) is to withdraw its candidate from Monday's presidential election here ahead of a third and decisive vote by a special federal assembly, FDP officials said.  Analysts said the Liberals' decision made Roman Herzog almost certain to be the next German president in succession to Richard von Weizsaecker. 
Iran's state news agency warned Saudi Arabia on Monday against siding with the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in a dispute over three southern Gulf islands, saying it could lead to war.  The warning from IRNA came a day after Saudi King Fahd called on Iran to "respect international laws and return" the strategic islands of Abu Musa, Greater Tunb and Lesser Tunb to the UAE. 
Sudanese rebels said Monday the government refused to discuss a truce during last week's peace talks in Kenya because Khartoum had the "illusion" that it can achieve military victory over rebel fighters.  "A ceasefire was raised by the mediators but the government delegation rejected it because they have the illusion that they will defeat the SPLA (Sudan People's Liberation Army) militarily," said Pagan Amum, spokesman for the mainstream SPLA delegation in the latest round of peace talks held in Nairobi last week. 
After a week of mourning for Labour leader John Smith the British campaign for the June 9 European parliament elections kicked off Monday with the opposition saying it would be a referendum on Prime Minister John Major.  Major's Conservatives are striving to limit the campaign to European issues but the Labour and Liberal Democrat opposition parties, following stinging victories in local council elections earlier this month, see the Euro-elections as a forum to take another whack at the premier's faltering leadership. 
A bomb exploded Monday in an unoccupied office of the Belfast City Hall, injuring at least two persons, one of them seriously, police said.  The injured were restoring the building. 
Ken Griffey Jnr, 24, equalled his famous father's career home run total Sunday with his 20th homer of the season in only his 42nd game of 1994.  Griffey's 20 home runs in 42 games was the biggest season-opening total since Mickey Mantle blasted 20 in 41 games to start the 1956 season. 
Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev meets with his NATO counterparts here Tuesday with both sides seeking tricky trade-offs in their quest for military and political rapprochement across the old iron curtain.  Grachev is to meet defence ministers from North Atlantic Treaty Organisation countries to present Moscow's terms for joining NATO's partnership-for-peace programme of military cooperation with members of the former Soviet bloc and other European nations. 
British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd said here Monday that he had received assurances from Russia that it would not intervene to support Crimea's drive to secede from Ukraine.  Hurd, who discussed the Crimean crisis during talks Sunday and Monday with Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev, said: "I am satisfied that Russia has no policy of intervention on this issue." 
Martina Navratilova's final appearance at the French Open ended in disaster on Monday.  The 37-year-old Czech-born American, who won the title in 1982 and 1984, crashed at the first hurdle and in straight-sets to 54th-ranked Miriam Oremans of the Netherlands. 
An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the open-ended Richter scale rocked the popular Greek holiday island of Crete Monday sending thousands of panic-stricken people into the streets and closing businesses and schools.  Local authorities said the quake did not claim any victims but buildings were damaged and cracks could be seen in homes on the northern part of the island. 
Polish police began a rare hunt Monday after two lionesque beasts were spotted in a forest close to Gostynin, 120 kilometres northwest of Warsaw, a puzzled police source said.  The two males, one elderly, one young, were seen in the morning by a farmer who alerted the local law officers. A patrol, armed with a rifle and tranquiliser darts, found animal tracks and identified them as those of two lions. 
Former Nicaraguan president Daniel Ortega fought off a reformist challenge Monday to be renamed as secretary general of the opposition Sandinista party.  Ortega, president from 1979-1990, heads the traditionalist wing of the leftist Sandanista National Liberation Front. 
The Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Philip is among 39 individuals to be honoured by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) for outstanding contributions to environmental conservation this year.  As president of the World Wide Fund for Nature, the husband of Britian's Queen Elizabeth II initiated a plan in 1986 which brought together world religious leaders to issue declarations on the importance of environmental conservation, UNEP said in a statement released here Monday. 
Family and friends mourned Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis at a private funeral Monday, eulogizing the widow of slain president John Kennedy as a reluctant legend who displayed great grace under pressure.  Hundreds of ordinary people lined the streets near the St. Ignatius of Loyola Church to pay their respects to the former First Lady, who died Thursday night of cancer. 
Wall Street prices were sharply down in early trading Monday as interest rates rose on the bonds market and dealers cashed in their profits from seven consecutive daily rises.  At 1500 GMT, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was down 21.49 points (0.57 percent) at 3,746.70 points. It closed Friday up 7.37 points at 3,766.35 points. 
A UN envoy called off a trip to Kigali on Monday despite a shaky truce in Rwanda's embattled capital, saying neither rebels nor government forces could guarantee his security.  The envoy, Iqbal Riza, was to have travelled to Kigali by road Monday to continue discussions to pave the way for the return of UN peacekeepers to stem ethnic slaughter in Rwanda. 
Rival Kurdish factions are observing a ceasefire in most areas of northern Iraq but fresh clashes have broken out near the Iranian border.  The Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) and Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) said the situation was calm on Sunday in the Arbil region, at the centre of Iraqi Kurdistan. 
Portuguese Interior Minister Dias Loureiro said Monday he had sacked the director general of the country's SIS intelligence services and the organisation's regional director in Madeira.  The decision to dismiss the two officials came two days after the press published the conclusions of an official report which concluded the SIS had overstepped its authority in the Portuguese archipelago. 
Assailants beat up a Zairean asylum-seeker in this eastern city Monday and roughed up a woman who had tried to intervene, police said.  One of the attackers shouted the "negro must be beaten to a pulp," witnesses said. 
Israel on Monday demanded a written promise from PLO leader Yasser Arafat that he would respect their autonomy agreements after another row broke out over a speech he made in a Johannesburg mosque.  The Palestinians fired back, saying that he had been misinterpreted and had nothing to explain. 
Russia is to sign a technical cooperation accord with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OCDE) next month, according to officials at OECD headquarters here.  The deal will establish a formal framework for relations between Russia and the 25-nation Paris-based organization, with the OECD continuing and broadening its technical assistance effort and policy advice to facilitate Russian reforms. 
The Cuban government announced sharp increases in prices of certain goods and services as part of an effort to reign in an expanding budget deficit.  The executive committee of the Council of Ministers decreed hikes of at least 50 percent in the price of cigarettes and cigars, alcoholic beverages, gasoline and gasoil, electric power, postal and telegraphic services and non-urban transportation. 
Albanian opposition leader and former communist prime minister, Fatos Nano, Monday appealed against a conviction and 12-year sentence for embezzlement.  Nano's lawyer, Perparim Sanhxaku, demanded his client be freed pending the re-opening of an enquiry into the allegations and said Nano had been convicted on "falsified evidence." 
Roman Herzog, candidate of the Christian Union parties led by Chancellor Helmut Kohl, was chosen Monday by a special federal assembly to become the next German head of state.  Herzog won 696 votes, an absolute majority in the 1,324-member assembly. 
The result was determined after the Free Democrats withdrew their candidate and decided by a majority to back Herzog. 
A special UN envoy called off a planned trip to Kigali on Monday despite a shaky truce in Rwanda's embattled capital, saying neither rebels nor government forces could guarantee his security.  The envoy, Iqbal Riza, was to have travelled to Kigali by road Monday to continue discussions to pave the way for the return of UN peacekeepers to staunch Rwanda's six-week-old ethnic bloodbath. 
South Africa was formerly accepted as the 53rd member of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU) Monday after attaining the support of a majority of member states, the OAU announced.  "To commemorate the admission of the Republic of South Africa as the 53rd member state of the organization, a special flag-raising ceremony shall take place on May 25 at the OAU headquarters," the office of OAU Secretary General Salim Ahmed Salim said in a statement. 
The Europe Union should mark time to bed down the application of the Maastricht treaty and must not rush into monetary union, Bundesbank president Hans Tietmeyer said Monday.  There should be a pause after the Maastricht treaty had taken effect and after new members had joined the union he said in a reference to the planned adhesion of Finland, Norway, Sweden and Austria. 
A leader of the Krahns, one of two warring factions within Liberia's United Liberation Movement (ULIMO), Monday accused rival Mandingos of wanting to set up an "Islamic state" in the war-ravaged state.  Acting ULIMO vice president Harry Nayou told reporters in Monrovia he escaped from Tubmanburg, some 60 kilometres (38 miles) north of the capital, where he said he had been held "hostage" for almost two months by Mandingos under the movement's leader Alhaji Kromah. 
President Bill Clinton's top trade officials reiterated Monday that the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) should be ratified this year.  "We're going to pass GATT but it's not going to be easy," warned Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen during ceremonies to mark World Trade Week decreed by Clinton for May 22 to 28. 
Roman Herzog, candidate of the Christian Union parties led by Chancellor Helmut Kohl, was chosen Monday by a special federal assembly to become the next German head of state.  Herzog won 696 votes, an absolute majority in the 1,324-member assembly. On this third, decisive round, a simple majority would have sufficed. 
Currencies moved little in torpid trading here Monday because markets in many countries were closed for observance of the Pentecostal religious holiday.  The dollar closed at 1.6465 marks against 1.6495 at the close Monday. 
Copper and nickel continued to soar on the London Metal Exchange (LME) on Monday, rising respectively to a 16-month and a 19-month high, dealers said.  Copper jumped 48 dollars higher to close at 2,278 dollars per tonne, while nickel flew 285 dollars higher to 6,760 dollars per tonne from 6,475 at the Friday close. 
President Boris Yeltsin on Monday ordered a major overhaul of the government's economic reform program, easing export controls, cutting taxes, and cracking down on inter-company debt and fraud.  The decrees signed by Yeltsin Monday will boost industrial output and tighten state control of poorly or fraudulently managed enterprises, Alexander Lifshits, head of a presidential panel of economic experts, said. 
US and Japanese officials met for more than two hours here Monday, their fifth day of talks to try to break a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade negotiations.  Officials of both sides said they planned to meet again later in the day, but said they could not comment on whether the talks were likely to go into a sixth day. 
Nigerians Monday largely ignored elections to a constitutional conference that the military regime calls a step toward restoring democracy, reports said.  State-run radio said turnout in two of the country's most important regions, the southwest and the east, was very light. It was heavy in the north, however, the radio said. 
Former Nicaraguan president Daniel Ortega was re-elected secretary general of the Sandinista National Liberation Party Monday at a convention that exposed rifts in the leftist opposition party.  Ortega, president from 1979-1990, easily survived a challenge from reformers led by Henry Ruiz and former vice president Sergio Ramirez, who urged that the party abandon revolutionary dogma and become more democratic. 
The chauffeur of slain anti-Mafia judge Giovanni Falcone chained himself to the railings of a Palermo court Monday, saying the injuries he suffered when the magistrate's car was blown up two years ago had been forgotten.  Giuseppe Costanza, 38, was badly hurt when Falcone's armour-plated car was dynamited in a Mafia attack on May 23, 1992, on a motorway leading to Palermo airport. 
World number-one Pete Sampras took a first step towards his 'Grand Slam' dream here on Monday when he beat Spanish qualifier Alberto Costa in straight-sets in the first-round of the French Open.  Sampras, winner of Wimbledon and the United States Open last year and of the Australian Open in January, notched up a stylish 6-3, 6-4, 6-4 victory on Roland Garros' new 10,000-capacity 'A' showcourt, and said: "I felt pretty comfortable out there." 
Roman Herzog, Germany's newly elected president, is a conservative jurist who opinion polls say would have had little chance of reaching the office if selection had been by popular vote instead of by a special convention.  Aged 60, with an imposing high-domed forehead and a glittering eye behind metal-rimmed spectacles, he has the reputation of enjoying the good life and and employs an ironic turn of phrase. 
South Africa was Monday formally accepted as a member of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU), Foreign Minister Alfred Nzo said in a statement here.  Nzo said the fledgling South African government had been informed of the decision by OAU Secretary General Salim Salim. 
Six UN disarmament experts travelled to Iraq on Monday for a week-long mission to monitor ballistic missiles, a UN official here said.  The official at the Bahrain-based UN commission for disarming post-war Iraq said the experts would set up a "technical reference baseline" for Iraqi missile systems. 
Share prices here fell sharply in late trading on Monday in response to losses on Wall Street, with the Footsie index of 100 leading shares losing 18.9 points (0.6 percent) to close at 3,108.4.  Some gilt-edged stocks fell by up to three-quarters of a point. 
Andre Agassi brought Mats Wilander's trip down memory lane to an abrupt early end in the first round of the French Open on Monday.  The flamboyant American, who missed last year's tournament because of tendinitis in his wrist, triumphed 6-2, 7-5, 6-1 to take revenge for his defeat in his last encounter with the former world number one. 
Filmmakers, stars and jury members arrived at the Festival Palace Monday for the culmination of the Cannes film festival, including the announcement of this year's Golden Palm winner.  Jury president Clint Eastwood, in a white tuxedo, accompanied his vice president, French actress Catherine Deneuve, up the famous steps on the front of the Palace on the Cannes seafront. 
The dollar was down against other major currencies with the exception of the yen in quite trading on Wall Street Monday.  The ounce of gold meanwhile was up 60 cents from its Friday close and was at 386.50 dollars. 
Scottish champions Rangers transfer-listed international goalkeeper Andy Goram here on Monday after a row with boss Walter Smith.  Smith is ready to let nine of his squad quit the club if the money offered is right. Gary Stevens and Pieter Huistra are two other big names on offer. 
Fox Inc., the fourth largest US television network, said Monday it is gaining 12 new stations in major markets as part of a 500 million dollar investment in the New World chain of television stations.  The agreement will make Fox affiliates of a dozen New World stations that had been affiliated with ABC, CBS or NBC, the major US networks. 
Roman Herzog of the conservative Christian Union parties was elected German president by a special federal assembly Monday after the Free Democrat party withdrew its candidate and backed him.  Herzog, 60, won 696 votes, an absolute majority of the 1,324-member assembly, in the third and final round of voting by federal members of parliament and regional delegates gathered in the historic Berlin Reichstag. 
Yemen on Monday warned all foreign aircraft and ships to stay out of the country's southern war zone.  "The government of the Republic of Yemen will have no responsibility whatsoever for damage or losses" if planes and ships make stops in the southern provinces of Aden, Hadhramaut and Mahra, the transport ministry said. 
Former Nicaraguan president Daniel Ortega was re-elected secretary general of the Sandinista National Liberation Party Monday at a convention that exposed rifts in the leftist opposition party.  Ortega, president from 1984-1990, easily survived a challenge from reformers led by Henry Ruiz and former vice president Sergio Ramirez, who urged that the party abandon revolutionary dogma and become more democratic. 
Exiled dissident Alexander Solzhenitsyn will leave his Vermont home Wednesday after 18 years to return to his native Russia, his son Ignat said Monday.  The Nobel literature laureate who was imprisoned for criticizing Josef Stalin and exiled for his writings exposing Soviet prison camps, was expected to be in Moscow within several days. 
A bomb exploded Monday in an unoccupied office of the Belfast City Hall, injuring at least two persons, one of them seriously, police said.  The injured were workmen restoring the building. 
Italian veteran Moreno Argentin took over the lead in the Tour of Italy here on Monday by winning the 231km second stage -- then openly defied race favourite and world number one Miguel Indurain.  Gewiss rider Argentin, who led the Giro for ten stages last year, took 21 seconds off the Spaniard before saying: "I prepared specifically for this race and I think I can win it, even if Indurain is still favourite. 
Republic of Ireland boss Jack Charlton is facing a World Cup crisis over the fitness of central defenders Paul McGrath and Alan Kernaghan.  Both have missed their final club matches and Charlton will not risk them in a warm-up friendly against Bolivia here on Tuesday unless they prove they have recovered. 
Aston Villa striker Dalian Atkinson declared open war on manager Ron Atkinson by skipping the club's tour of South Africa on Monday.  Atkinson has already said his namesake star is up for sale. The player, involved in a dressing-room bust-up with his manager last season, said he was trying to sort out a problem for a friend and would not fly out. 
At least 10 pro-democracy activists were arrested in Lagos Monday during voting for a constitutional conference proposed by the military regime, a human rights group said.  The detainees included Tokunbo Afikuyomi, a special assistant to foreign minister Baba Gana Kingibe, Bola Tinubu, a former senator, and Olusegun Maiyegun, a former president of the Lagos University students' union, the Committee for the Defence of Human Rights said. 
Pete Sampras and Steffi Graf took a first step towards their respective 'Grand Slams' on Monday when they came safely through the first-round of the French Open Tennis Championships.  But two of the players expected to provide a late challenge disappeared from the draw. 
Indiana's upstart Pacers have risen from mediocrity to become serious challengers for the National Basketball Association title.  The Pacers have reached the NBA playoff semi-finals against New York, having rejuvenated a club that has never before won a playoff series and struggled to avoid losing records the past four years. 
Two US soldiers killed in Somalia were awarded the nation's highest military honor Monday by President Bill Clinton, who praised the valor of those fought and died in the African nation.  Clinton presented the Medal of Honor to the widows of Master Sergeant Gary Gordon and Sergeant 1st Class Randall Shutgart, calling them "real American heroes." 
The Golden Palm at the Cannes film festival was awarded Monday to "Pulp Fiction" by US filmmaker Quentin Tarantino.  The award for best actor went to China's Ge You, for his performance in Zhang Yimou's "To Live," while Virna Lisi was named best actress for her part in the French movie "La Reine Margot" (Queen Margot). 
Japan is expected to fight tooth and nail against a proposal to ban whaling around the South Pole when the 46th meeting of the International Whaling Commission opens here Monday.  France has proposed that all whale hunting be banned south of the 40th parallel to prevent the extinction of 11 whale species, including the blue whale and the humpbacked. Representatives of about 40 countries are at the four-day closed-door meeting at this Pacific resort. 
The Golden Palm, one of the world cinema's most coveted prizes, was awarded Monday to "Pulp Fiction" by US filmmaker Quentin Tarantino, Cannes Film Festival jury president Clint Eastwood said.  The award for best actor went to China's Ge You, for his performance in Zhang Yimou's "To Live," while Italy's Virna Lisi was named best actress for her part in the French movie "La Reine Margot" (Queen Margot). 
Former Chelsea captain Paul Elliott launched a High Court battle here on Monday against Dean Saunders, arguing his England hopes were wrecked by a rash tackle.  Elliott, 30, is suing the Welsh international Dean Saunders over an incident at Anfield in September 1992. 
Monday's cricket results:  Britannic Championship 
Britain, Germany and the United States Monday gave their backing to Ukraine in its row with the secessionist Crimean peninsula, insisting that Russia's largest neighbour remain one country.  Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin held talks with his Ukrainian counterpart Efim Zviagilsky in Moscow but the pair failed to defuse the tension in the secessionist republic. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was laid to rest alongside president John Kennedy in Arlington National Cemetery Monday, eulogized as a devoted mother and reluctant legend who displayed great grace under pressure.  Her children Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg, 36, and John Kennedy Jr, 33, knelt in prayer before her casket at the gravesite of their father, who was slain more than 30 years ago. 
Brian Lara, who broke Gary Sobers' Test world record by scoring 375 against England in April, could grab another world mark after hitting his fifth successive first class century on Monday.  His latest hundred came against Somerset and means he needs just one more to join three other legendary batsmen who have scored six first- class tons in a row. 
The commandos who abducted a pro-Iranian Shiite Moslem guerrilla leader from Lebanon to trace a missing airman also returned to Israel with "important documents," the defence ministry said Monday.  "The commandos brought back important documents found in the home of Dirani," spokesman Oded Ben Ami told AFP, declining to give details. 
A Jewish settler said Monday that he and the right-wing were behind the disclosure of PLO leader Yasser Arafat's remarks in a Johannesburg mosque that has stirred up a row over Palestinian self-rule.  "I was in South Africa and heard a short quote from Yasser Arafat on a radio," said Nat Rosenwasser, a settler in the occupied West Bank who is from South Africa. 
The British Broadcasting Corporation announced Monday that it was suspending its scheme awarding honeymoon gifts to homosexuals as well as heterosexuals after an uproar among rightwing Conservative MPs.  The scheme, granting gay employees a week's paid holiday for a "honeymoon break" with their partners as well as a 75 pound bonus (112,5 dollars) would be suspended, as would the same entitlement to straight couples. 
A southern missile crashed into the Yemeni capital Monday, causing several casualties, the official news agency Saba said.  The agency, run by the north, said the missile landed in a residential district of Sanaa. 
The Cuban government announced Monday sharp increases in prices of tobacco and liquor and some services as part of an effort to rein in a ballooning budget deficit.  Prices will be raised at least 50 percent for cigarettes and cigars, beer, rum and other alcoholic beverages, electric power, postal and telegraphic services and some transportation. The price hikes take effect June 1. 
The Golden Palm, one of the world cinema's most coveted prizes, was awarded Monday to "Pulp Fiction" by US filmmaker Quentin Tarantino, at the awards ceremony which culminated the Cannes Film Festival.  The award surprised some observers, after days of speculation that the top prize would go to either Chinese director Zhang Yimou for his film "To Live" or Poland's Krzysztof Kieslowski for "Three Colours Red. The latter received no awards for his film. 
The Italian airline Alitalia is to cut its staffing levels by between 3,000 and 3,500 people by 1997, union sources said here.  Alitalia recently announced a major restructuring and said it wanted to cut costs by 20 percent. 
Three youths accused of murdering U.S. student Amy Biehl in a black township near here last August were Monday freed on bail of 250 rands (70 dollars) each in the Cape Town Supreme Court.  State prosecutor Nollie Niehaus said the three all had fixed addresses and he had no reason to believe they would abscond. 
The new South African government met here for seven hours Monday and set up a ministerial panel to defuse tensions over a deal that saw the former administration sign over vast tracts of land to Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini.  A statement said the cabinet discussed the issue, which created a furore between its African National Congress (ANC), National Party (NP) and Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) components, "with a view to reaching a consensus that will contribute to ... reconciliation." 
A southern missile crashed into the Yemeni capital on Monday, causing several casualties, the official news agency SABA said.  The agency, run by the north, said the missile landed in a residential district of Sanaa. 
Immigration Minister Sergio Marchi pledged Monday to clamp down on alleged abuses of a special entrepreneurial visa which has allowed thousands of Hong Kong residents to emigrate to Canada.  The so-called entrepreneurial visa allows foreigners to obtain landed immigrant status in Canada if they invest a minimum of 250,000 dollars (181,000 US) in a Canadian business and create at least one job for a Canadian. 
US and Japanese negotiators met here Monday for the seventh time in five days to try and break a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade negotiatons.  Asked on his way into the meeting if he expected an agreement by the end of the day, Japanese Deputy Foreigner Minister for Economic Affairs Sakayuki Hayashi would only say "that we are still working on it." 
Former East German leader Erich Honecker's health has taken a turn for the worse, his Friends Committee here reported Monday.  Honecker, 81, is suffering from kidney cancer and has been living in Chile since January 14, 1993, after a German court dropped charges against him in the killings of East Germans who tried to escape over the Berlin Wall while Honecker headed a communist government there. 
A southern missile crashed into the Yemeni capital on Monday, causing several casualties, the official news agency SABA said.  The agency, run by the north, said the missile landed in a residential district of Sanaa. There were no immediate details on casualties but Saba said there were "heavy losses." 
The following is a list of the awards announced Monday at the 47th Cannes International Film Festival:  Golden Palm: "Pulp Fiction" by Quentin Tarantino, United States. 
The United States will challenge a GATT ruling against US embargoes of tuna imports on the grounds that the GATT panel did not carry out a fair hearing, the US Trade Representative said Monday.  "The United States will challenge the dispute-settlement panel's failure to provide a fair hearing and due process and will ask for a full review of the report," the office of the US Trade Representative said in a statement. 
The Palestine National Council, or parliament-in-exile, is to meet in Gaza City to abolish a call for Israel's destruction, an adviser to PLO chief Yasser Arafat said Monday.  Ahmad Tibi, an Arab Israeli, told Israeli television that the meeting would take place after the appointment of the 24-member Palestinian authority to take charge of autonomous Gaza and Jericho. 
Italian Interior Minister Roberto Maroni Monday laid a wreath at the roadside spot where anti-Mafia judge Giovanni Falcone was killed by a bomb blast here in 1992.  Falcone and his wife were both killed in the explosion along with three bodyguards travelling in an escort vehicle. 
Pete Sampras and Steffi Graf took a first step towards their respective 'Grand Slams' on Monday when they came safely through the first-round of the French Open Tennis Championships.  But two of the players expected to provide a late challenge disappeared from the draw. 
Thousands of Mozambican refugees in South Africa are opting to stay in their country of refuge rather than return under a mass-repatriation scheme which started in April, the UNHCR said Monday.  "Hundreds of Mozambican refugees registered to come home from South Africa, but when we provide transport, only a tiny handful show up," the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) spokesman in Maputo told AFP. 
The Golden Palm went west Monday as the Cannes film festival awarded its top prize to the US gangster film "Pulp Fiction," wrenching the trophy from last year's dominance by Asia and Australasia.  The balance was maintained, however, by two awards for Chinese director Zhang Yimou's epic "To Live," with a joint share in the Grand Jury prize and the award for best actor. 
The United States reaffirmed its support for a unified Ukraine facing a secessionist Crimean peninsula in a letter from Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Monday.  In a letter addressing the Crimean parliament's vote Friday to secede from the Ukraine, Christopher said he "recognized the responsible and conciliatory approach that Ukraine has adopted thus far and urged the Ukrainian government to continue to exercise restraint." 
Human rights and labor groups urged the US administration Monday to deny extension of privileged trade status to China, claiming Beijing's human rights record in the past year has not improved and in some cases worsened.  "Just last week the Chinese government thumbed its nose at the international community and said it would continue to crack down on dissidents who commit the crime of exercising free speech," said Representative David Bonior, who joined a news conference with 11 organizations. 
The Security Council on Monday began examining a resolution that would lift the 17-year-old UN arms embargo on South Africa, diplomats said.  Following South Africa's first all-race elections, the Security Council also may dissolve a commission that monitored matters in the country while apartheid policies still were in effect, diplomats said. 
Bosnian army tanks opened fire on Brcko Monday evening, wounding six people in the Serb-held town in northeastern Bosnia, the Bosnian Serb news agency Srna said.  The tanks opened fire from positions south of the town, firing around 30 rounds, the agency said. 
New fears of inflation pushed interest rates higher and depressed blue-chip stock prices Monday after seven consecutive rising sessions for the Dow Jones industrial average.  With profit-taking also weighing down the market, the Dow index of 30 leading industrials lost 23.94 points to close at 3,742.41. 
The Hubble space telescope has discovered what may be a black hole in the M87 galaxy, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration said Monday.  The telescope photographed an elliptical swirl of hot gases that seemed to confirm the existence of a black hole, NASA said. 
A meeting to review economic reforms in 29 African countries, opened in the Zimbabwean capital Monday, under the auspices of the World Bank, which is backing the reform programmes.  The two-day seminar is discussing a World Bank report which examined the extent of policy reforms and their impact on growth and poverty in 29 Sub-Saharan countries that took up economic adjustment programmes from mid-1980s. 
Japan, backed by several Caribbean countries that receive Japanese foreign aid, was expected to oppose a proposed whale sanctuary at a meeting of the International Whaling Commission that opened here Monday.  France has proposed that all whale hunting be banned south of the 40th parallel to protect 11 whale species, including the blue whale and the humpback. 
Central American leaders will use a summit attended by US Vice President Al Gore to seek a phased incorporation into the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), officials said Monday.  Costa Rican Foreign Minister Fernando Naranjo said the seven Central American leaders due to attend would urge Gore Tuesday to allow Central American producers the same access to US markets that Mexico has, as a first step toward full inclusion in NAFTA's mega-market. 
US and Japanese negotiators met here twice Monday and said they might meet again for a third time before the end of the day in efforts to break a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade talks.  "We may meet again today," Japanese deputy foreign minister for economic affairs Sakayuki Hayashi said as he left the offices of the United States Trade Representative (USTR) for the second time. 
A British gay rights group called Outrage urged Queen Elizabeth II Monday to issue a posthumous pardon for Oscar Wilde, who was jailed for being homosexual.  The petition coincides with the 99th anniversary of the Irish writer's sentencing to two years of hard labor on May 25, 1895. 
The dollar edged lower Monday against the other major currencies with the exception of the yen in quiet trading in New York.  The price of gold meanwhile rose 3.70 dollars from Friday's close to 389.60 dollars per ounce. 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was buried next to president John F. Kennedy in Arlington National Cemetery Monday, and was eulogized as a devoted mother and reluctant icon.  Kneeling in prayer at her grave were her children Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg, 36, and John Kennedy Jr., 33. The new grave was just steps away from that of Onassis's slain husband and the eternal flame that Onassis herself lit more than three decades ago. 
No one expects the United States to win the 1994 World Cup, but the pressure is on the inexperienced host team to make it to the second round at least.  International football officials are looking for a creditable performance from the United States to justify their decision to give the World Cup to America. 
Just as Switzerland began their final preparations for their first World Cup in 28 years a sex-scandal engulfed the squad.  A Swiss newspaper report that manager Roy Hodgson had banned his players from having sex throughout the 1994 World Cup finals provoked a storm of controversy, with no less a personage than Pele joining in the debate. 
Top-class midfielder Gheorghe Hagi holds the key to rewriting Romania's history of World Cup disasters.  The country boasts a mere three wins in 12 final-round matches in the competition, on top of 30 years when they failed to qualify for soccer's showpiece. 
Colombia, who cut a stylish path to the World Cup finals, come to the United States with double mission -- to win, and to polish a national reputation tarnished by association with the drugs trade.  The Colombians, with their superb ball skills and technique, have been tipped as dark horse candidates by many, from Brazilian legend Pele to European Footballer of the Year Roberto Baggio. 
Berti Vogts is hoping for one last heave from the old guard as champions Germany bid for a fourth world title.  Rudi Voller's last minute decision to come out of international retirement means nine of the team that played in the final victory over Argentina in Rome in 1990 are in Vogts' squad. 
Dozens of pilgrims were killed in a stampede late Monday at the Moslem holy site here, witnesses said.  No official confirmation was immediately available of the tragedy, and the witnesses, who would not be identified, said they did not know how it occurred. 
Bolivia, playing in their first World Cup finals since 1950, will be calling on the devil as they bid to create an upset in the opening match against Germany.  Marco Etcheverry, the country's best known player, is known as "El Diablo" (the devil) because of his lethal left foot and playmaking skills. 
Washington launched a diplomatic push to defuse a potential nuclear crisis on the Korean peninsula Monday, beginning a week of intensive talks with officials from several Asian states.  South Korea's special envoy for nuclear issues Kim Sam-Hoon met Monday with US assistant secretary of state Robert Gallucci to discuss plans for resuming high-level talks with North Korea. 
Spanish coach Javier Clemente believes anything less than a quarter- final place in the United States would be a failure, even though his squad does not have a single outfield player with an international reputation.  Real Madrid's Michel, Emilio Butragueno and Manuel Sanchis, the stars of the Spanish side that reached the second round in Italy, have all been axed since Clemente took over in 1992. 
A last-gasp Iraqi goal against Japan allowed South Korea to steal into their third straight World Cup finals -- but coach Kim Ho does not expect any more favours at USA '94.  Pitted against defending champions Germany, Spain and Bolivia, Kim knows his rank outsiders will probably head straight out again after the group C qualifying round. 
Belgium's football team, one of the few factors of unity in an increasingly fragmented country, will start the World Cup as one of the top six seeds but the Red Devils very nearly ended up in the audience.  Paul Van Himst, who took over in 1991 from Guy Thys, the chain-smoking veteran who guided Belgium to the previous three finals, had a dream start to his first World Cup campaign. 
Football is a relatively recent import to Saudi Arabia, but with royal backing and a World Cup berth the game's popularity is exploding like an oil well fire.  King Fahd and his sports-mad sons poured millions of dollars into reaching the 1994 World Cup finals in the United States. 
Ruud Gullit's return to the international fold has given Holland's squad a major boost as they prepare their bid to go one better than the Dutch sides that finished runners up in 1974 and 1978.  The dreadlocked star completes an impressive array of youth and experience at the hands of coach Dick Advocaat, the man who guided Holland through the qualifying campaign but never expected to be in charge for the finals. 
An ultraconservative Haitian group called Monday for a nationwide mobilization to prepare for a possible US invasion, saying their countrymen would fight with sticks and stones if necessary.  The Haitian Front for Advancement and Progress (FRAPH), a group with close links to the military, said it was prepared to defend against US military intervention, which US President Bill Clinton has said he would not rule out as a means of restoring exiled president Jean- Bertrand Aristide. 
Portuguese opposition parties called Monday on Interior Minister Dias Loureiro to resign following a scandal involving the country's SIS intelligence services.  Loureiro said earlier Monday he had accepted the resignation of SIS director-general Ladeiro Monteiro and dismissed the service's regional director in Madeira, Joao Evangelista, two days after the press published the conclusions of an official report that the SIS had overstepped its authority in the Portuguese archipelago. 
Mustapha Hadji, the man who chose to play for Morocco rather than France, believes the Lions of the Atlas can scale the World Cup heights.  "Anyone who writes us off is set for a surprise," said the 22-year-old who made his international debut in the decisive World Cup qualifier against Zambia. 
A missile hit the Yemeni capital Monday, killing at least four people and injuring 27, correspondents on the spot reported.  The attack on Sanaa was the first missile strike against the northern bastion of President Ali Abdallah Saleh since the south proclaimed itself independent early on Saturday. 
Diego Maradona's role in his fourth World Cup will be as the conductor of the orchestra.  At 33, Argentina's captain is no longer capable of playing all the instruments the way he did in 1986, when he virtually won the tournament on his own. 
Germany's midfield general Lothar Matthaus, who has won almost everything in the game, is the ideal man to lead a European team to World Cup success outside the continent.  Only Brazil in 1958 in Sweden, have done the ultimate -- win the world title outside their native land mass. 
Colombia's Faustino Asprilla is likely to hit the headlines whether or not his immense talent flourishes in the World Cup.  The 24-year-old Parma striker is gifted with incredible pace, supreme technical skill, and a goalscorers' instinct -- but that is not where interest in Asprilla ends. 
Enzo Scifo is the first to admit a drop of Chablis white wine revived his flagging career.  The midfield maestro with the Sicilian origins had been effectively run out of Belgium by jealous team-mates but found it just as hard in Italy. 
Secretary of State Warren Christopher is close to finishing his analysis of human rights in China, but he is not indicating how he will decide on China's trading rights, a spokesman said Monday.  Christopher must advise President Bill Clinton on the rights situation before June 3, the deadline for Clinton to decide whether or not to extend most favored nation (MFN) trading privileges to China. 
Top US trade officials met here Monday on the sidelines of US-Japan trade talks aimed at ending a deadlock over opening Japanese markets.  President Bill Clinton's chief economic advisor Laura D'Andrea Tyson said there would be an announcement Tuesday but refused to comment on whether this meant the two sides had resolved the differences in their bilateral trade negotiations. 
Saudi authorities Monday confirmed that pilgrims were killed in a stampede at the Moslem holy site here, but failed to give an exact death toll.  Witnesses had earlier spoken of dozens of bodies littering the site. 
Two gunmen opened fire in a restaurant, killing one person, wounding several others and holding a group of lunchtime diners hostage for six hours before surrendering.  First reports said the shooting began as part of a bungled holdup, but some witnesses said the two men began firing without warning. 
Dozens of pilgrims were killed in a stampede Monday at the Moslem holy site here, witnesses said, as authorities confirmed the incident but gave no death toll.  The witnesses, who would not be identified, said they did not know how the tragedy on Monday afternoon occurred. 
Amnesty International accused Rwanda's government Monday of starting and supporting bloody massacres of minority ethnic-Tutsis over the past two months.  "Rwandese armed forces and government appear to be responsible for inciting, perpetrating and condoning mass killings, particularly of members of the Tutsi ethnic group," the London-based human rights group said in a report issued at the United Nations. 
President Carlos Menem's plan to merge the federal police, navy and army into a domestic security monolith with a 2.6 billion dollar annual budget came under fire from the opposition Monday.  Former president Raul Alfonsin, who leads the country's top opposition force, the Radical party, said the concentration of security manpower and funding under one roof was potentially a threat to the country's democracy. 
US and Japanese trade officials appeared close to an agreement Monday in marathon talks on breaking a three-month deadlock in bilateral trade negotiations.  President Bill Clinton's chief economic advisor, Laura D'Andrea Tyson, said  there would be a press statement Tuesday but refused to comment on whether this meant the two sides had resolved their differences in their bilateral trade talks. 
German President-elect Roman Herzog immediately took sides in one of the country's most divisive debates Monday, coming out strongly in favour of double nationality for people of foreign descent born in Germany.  Speaking on television hours after being elected the country's next head of state by a special federal assembly, Herzog said, "I am in favour of it," in a blow to the vast majority of the conservative camp which voted him in. 
Fresh evidence allegedly linking former prime minister Margaret Thatcher to "arms-to-Iraq" is to be passed on to a government probe into illegal arms transfers, a British court was told Monday.  The move follows the appeal court acquittal Monday of two company executives Ali Ashour Daghir and Jeanine Speckman, of Euromac, based in Surrey, southern England, who had been convicted of plotting to sell detonator equipment for nuclear bombs to Baghdad. 
Baltic countries are expected to appoint a regional human rights commissioner to look after the rights of ethnic minorities at a meeting taking place here on Tuesday and Wednesday.  Diplomatic sources said the foreign ministers from the 10 members of the Baltic Council were expected to accept Russian demands for a regional watchdog to protect the rights of ethnic Russian minorites in Estonia and Latvia. 
The last of the wartime Liberty Ships to have ferried troops across the Channel to the Normandy beachheads arrived in Britain Monday to take part in the 50th anniversary commemorations next month.  The Jeremiah O'Brien is one of the few survivors of the 2,751 Liberty ships turned out by American yards between 1941 and 1945 faster than enemy submarines could sink them. 
An Organization of American States (OAS) commission accused Haiti's military Monday of murder and other serious human rights abuses.  The Interamerican Committee on Human Rights, which traveled to the Caribbean country last week, said the human rights situation had deteriorated considerably and that it had reliable reports of 133 extrajudicial executions since February. 
The dollar opened at 104.56 yen in Tokyo on Tuesday, up 0.26 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.30 yen.  The rate compared with New York's late Monday quote of 104.35 yen. 
The focus for disaster relief has largely swung from Africa and Asia to the countries of eastern Europe and the former Soviet bloc, the British Red Cross (BRC) said Tuesday.  Now there were hardly any "natural" disasters, and relief agencies were most in demand to help victims of man-made calamities, including refugees and displaced people hit by civil wars and economic collapse, exacerbated by harsh weather, it said. 
Defence ministers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation gather here Tuesday for a twice-yearly security review expected to be dominated by NATO's military links with Russia.  Towards the end of the meeting, Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev is scheduled to present Moscow's terms for joining NATO's partnership- for-peace programme of military cooperation with the countries of the former Soviet bloc. 
British Prime Minister John Major Monday put preservation of Britain's national veto at the heart of the ruling Conservative party's aggressive campaign for the June 9 European elections.  He accused opposition Labour and Liberal Democrat parties of promoting a weak Britain in a "European superstate" -- as he addressed the first rally of the campaign in Bristol, southern England. 
A man killed Saturday night in a loyalist attack on a Dublin pub was a member of the Irish Republican Army, the outlawed republican organisation said Monday in a call to a Dublin radio station.  The Dublin Brigade of the IRA said Martin Doherty, 35, a father of two from Ballymun, Dublin, was a volunteer. 
US and Japanese negotiators are likely to announce an agreement Tuesday to resume deadlocked talks on bilateral trade, a senior US official said Monday.  "An agreement is likely," said the official, adding "It will probably be announced in the morning at 9:30 a.m. (1330 GMT)." 
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin cast doubt Monday on Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO) leader Yasser Arafat's ability to administer the Palestinian autonomous areas of Jericho and the Gaza Strip.  "He is not an easy partner. He has never had the responsibility of managing the daily lives of nearly 800,000 Palestinians in all areas: health, education, public services," Rabin told a visiting delegation of French business leaders. 
The UN Security Council expressed concern Monday about continued fighting in Liberia and warned that it could interfere with the elections in September.  The council urged the parties to resolve their differences through the transition government recently installed as part of the Cotonou peace agreement signed last July. 
Japan's Mitsui Petrochemical Industries, Mitsui Engineering and Shipbuilding Co. Ltd. and Marubeni Corp. have won a six billion yen (58 million dollar) order to build a specialty rubber plant in China, a Mitsui Petrochemical spokesman said Tuesday.  The spokesman said the ethylene propylene rubber plant ordered by the Jilin Chemical Industrial Bureau would be the first of its type in China. 
New Zealand will send 250 infantry soldiers as its first contribution to the United Nations Protection Force in former Yugoslavia, Prime Minister Jim Bolger announced Tuesday.  The unit, which will be attached to a British battalion, amounts to around 10 percent of New Zealand combat ready troops and is the country's biggest military commitment since the Vietnam War. 
Four people were killed Tuesday as a Ferrari, reportedly driven by a Japanese dentist, crashed during the inaugural Cannonball Run car race near Alice Springs, police said here.  The driver of the Ferrari and his co-driver died instantly as the car spun out of control at a checkpoint, slamming into two race officials before hitting two control cars, police superintendant Terry Ey said. 
Japan's Fujitsu Ltd. plans to triple the ratio of overseas sourced components and materials from 10 percent to 30 percent of total purchases by the fiscal year ending March 1997, a spokesman said Tuesday.  The move is aimed at improving earnings by using overseas-made parts, which have become more price competitive due to the yen's appreciation, the spokesman for the nation's computer giant said. 
The Khmer Rouge Tuesday assailed Vietnam's continuing influence in Cambodia in a radio commentary seen as setting the stage for forthcoming peace talks in Pyongyang.  In a broadcast monitored in Bangkok, Khmer Rouge radio made no direct reference to the negotiations among the various Cambodian factions set to start in the North Korean capital on May 27. 
Japan's Suzuki Motor Co. Ltd. said Tuesday its pre-tax earnings declined 10.2 percent from a year earlier to 18.4 billion yen (179 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Taiwan's state-run China Steel Corp. (SCS) and MEMC Electronic Materials Inc. of the United States signed Tuesday an agreement to form a 4.85 billion Taiwan dollar (180.6 million US) joint-venture to make silicon wafers here, economic officials said.  The contract was signed by CSC chairman Wang Chung-yu and MEMC president Robert Standfort to establish a plant to manufacture six- inch and eight-inch silicon wafters, a basic component of semiconductors, the officials said. 
Japan's Kawasaki Steel Corp. said Tuesday it had sold its troubled wafer fabrication subsidiary in the United States to MEMC Electronic Materials Inc. for an undisclosed sum.  The wholly-owned unit, Kawasaki Wafer Technology Inc., has reportedly been losing money for years despite the Japanese steelmaker's investment of at least 67 million dollars in the Santa Clara-based company. 
Thieves crawled through a 500-meter (yard) long storm drain and tunneled their way into a Thai bank over the weekend, making off with nearly 100,000 US dollars in cash, news reports said Tuesday.  The storm drain connected with a 20-meter long, 22-centimeter (nine- inch) wide sewer that led to a branch of the Thai Military Bank, the reports said. After enlarging the sewer, the thieves then punched through the 15-centimeter concrete floor of the bank here in the Thai capital. 
The United States and Japan will announce the results of their trade talks here on Tuesday, a senior Japanese official said.  "We will have an announcement tomorrow," said Japanese Deputy Foreign Minsiter for Economic Affairs, Sakayuki Hayashi, as he emerged after almost three hours of talks late into the night at the US Trade Representative's office here. 
Strong earthquakes shook Greek islands for the second day running Tuesday, sending panic-stricken residents into the streets, the Athens observatory said.  The latest tremors, measuring 6.1, 5.7 and 5.0 degrees on the Richter scale, occurred at 0205, 0215 and 0336 GMT. All had their epicentre in the same spot under the Aegean Sea some 340 kilometres (210 miles) north of Athens. 
The United States and Japan will announce the results of their trade talks here on Tuesday, a senior Japanese official said.  "We will have an announcement tomorrow," said Japan's Deputy Foreign Minister for Economic Affairs, Sakayuki Hayashi, as he emerged after almost three hours of talks that extended past midnight Monday at the US Trade Representative's office here. 
China on Tuesday dismissed as "groundless fabrication" allegations by a US human rights group report of maltreatment of prisoners and export of prison labour products.  A Chinese Justice Ministry spokesman confirmed that Beijing number two Prison had a contract with a local factory for inmates to act as quality inspectors. But he denied allegations in a 60-page Human Rights Watch/Asia report that the products were exported to the United States. 
Israeli planes on Tuesday carried out four raids against positions of the pro-Iranian Hezbollah southeast of the southern Lebanese capital of Saida, Lebanese police said.  They did not give casualty figures. 
Israeli planes on Tuesday carried out four raids against positions of the pro-Iranian Hezbollah southeast of the southern Lebanese capital of Saida, Lebanese police said.  They did not give casualty figures. 
The Chinese media did not announce Tuesday the two prizes won by Zhang Yimou's film "To Live" at the Cannes film festival.  The movie took the Grand Jury's award along with Nikita Milkhalkov's "Burnt by the Sun." The best actor award went to "To Live" star Ge You. 
Israeli planes on Tuesday carried out four raids against positions of the pro-Iranian Hezbollah southeast of the southern Lebanese capital of Saida, Lebanese police said.  They did not give casualty figures. 
An earthquake near Taiwan registering 6.8 on the Richter scale shook several islands in Japan's southernmost prefecture of Okinawa on Tuesday, the Meteorological Agency said.  The agency issued a tsunami tidal wave warning along the coasts of the islands, an agency official said. 
An undersea earthquake measuring 6.2 on the Richter scale struck Taiwan on Tuesday, but no damage or casualties were immediatedly reported, the Central Weather Bureau said.  Following five major quakes measuring 4.6 to 5.8 on the Richter scale and 140-odd aftershocks Monday, the latest tremor struck at noon (0400 GMT) Tuesday and lasted for some 90 seconds, the bureau said. 
Ten people were killed and 64 injured in a bus accident about 280 kilometres (175 miles) west of the capital Harare, press reports said Tuesday  Police said the bus burst a front tyre, veered off the road and overturned after it hit a tree in the accident Monday. 
One-time cover-girl Janet Sackman, whose face smiled out from magazines and billboards with the slogan "Smoke a Lucky and feel your level-best" is appearing here in a new series of commercials for an anti-smoking campaign.  The American former "Lucky Strike" girl, now 62, uses oesophageal speech to broadcast her message on the perils of smoking, which she says cost her part of a lung and her voice box in a cancer operation. 
The tiny bollworm, which devastated China's cotton production in 1993, is posing an equally destructive threat to this year's crop, a top agricultural official was quoted as saying Tuesday.  "Local governments should put the war against the pest on top of their agenda," vice-minister of agriculture Liu Chengguo was quoted as saying by the China Daily. 
Thai Prime Minister Chuan Leekpai says his government will investigate US charges of drug trafficking against a former member of parliament, a news report said Tuesday.  "The government promises that this matter will not just fade away," Chuan told the Bangkok Post. 
The Chinese Justice Ministry on Tuesday dismissed as "groundless fabrication" allegations of maltreatment of prisoners and export of prison labour products by a US human rights group.  A ministry spokesman confirmed that Beijing No. 2 Prison had a contract with a local factory for inmates to act as quality inspectors. But he denied allegations in a 60-page Human Rights Watch/Asia report that the products were exported to the United States. 
Japanese watchmaker Seiko Corp. said Tuesday its group pre-tax loss widened 91 percent from a year earlier to 6.5 billion yen (63 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast another loss this year.  The company said consolidated sales also declined during the period, falling more than 11 percent to 335 billion yen. 
Japan's Tokio Marine and Fire Insurance Co. Ltd. said Tuesday its pre- tax earnings fell 8.5 percent from a year earlier to 76.6 billion yen (744 million dollars) in the year to March.  The country's largest non-life insurance company, accounting for almost 20 percent of the primary market, said the profit decline came despite a five percent increase in premium income to 1,190 billion yen. 
US and Japanese officials held talks into the early hours of Tuesday trying to resolve the final hitches in an agreement to resume stalled trade talks.  A senior US official said before the marathon late-night session that an agreement was likely, adding "it will probably be announced in the morning" Tuesday. 
A man was injured when he jumped off a balcony onto the floor of the Iranian parliament while it was in session on Tuesday, an AFP correspondent witnessed.  The man did not say a word before the five to six meter (20 foot) jump, and there was no explanation of why he did it. He was taken to hospital and the session continued. 
Secretary of State Warren Christopher appears to be in favor of a middle-ground approach to renewing China's Most Favored Nation (MFN) trade status, a senior administration official said.  The official, who asked not to be named, said Christopher had briefed President Bill Clinton on Monday on his ongoing analysis of human rights in China and was inclined to renew the trade benefits, but with targeted sanctions for certain goods. 
Japan's Suzuki Motor Co. Ltd. said Tuesday its pre-tax earnings fell 10.2 percent from a year earlier to 18.4 billion yen (179 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast a further decline this year.  The country's leading minicar maker and the world's third-largest manufacturer of motorcycles, said sales declined 4.2 percent to 1,009 billion yen, hit by lower exports of cars and reduced sales of motorycles in Japan. Domestic sales alone plunged 8.6 percent to 483 billion yen. 
China and North Korea were notably absent from the annual conference on disarmament which opened in Hiroshima, western Japan, Tuesday.  The four-day United Nations sponsored conference is to discuss nuclear non-proliferation and a ban on nuclear testing at a time when North Korea is suspected of pursuing a nuclear weapons programme in parallel with its civilian undertaking. 
Australia has decided against sending troops to Rwanda until their safety can be reasonably assured, Defence Minister Robert Ray said Tuesday.  Ray told an upper-house Senate estimates committee that UN progress towards setting in place preconditions under which Australia would send troops was "not encouraging". 
Perth mopped up Tuesday after its wildest storm for 20 years left a trail of damage estimated at many millions of dollars.  Authorities in the Western Australian capital said it was miraculous there were no serious injuries as house roofs were blown away, power lines brought down and half of the city's million-plus population was plunged into darkness for hours by electricity cuts triggered by winds gusting to 140 kilometers (90 miles) per hour. 
Israeli warplanes blasted strongholds of the pro-Iranian Hezbollah movement in south Lebanon in a series of raids on Tuesday, police said.  The attacks came a day after a Moslem fundamentalist leader threatened revenge over Israel's abduction Saturday of Mustafa Dirani, a leader of the Resistance of the Faithful, a group close to Hezbollah and Iran. 
The rand opened at 3.6540/55 to the dollar here Tuesday, slightly down on its previous close of 3.6535/50, but up on Monday's opening of 3.67.  Dealers said the rand had rebounded from historic lows after the central Reserve Bank intervened to support the local unit. 
Japan's Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. said Tuesday its consolidated pre-tax profit edged up 0.5 percent from a year earlier to 70 billion yen (680 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Japan's biggest truckmaker, Hino Motors Co. Ltd., said Tuesday its pre-tax profit plunged 33.4 percent from a year earlier to four billion yen (39 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Japan's TDK Corp. said Tuesday its consolidated pre-tax earnings slumped 47 percent from a year to 17.8 billion yen (173 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Victor Co. of Japan (JVC) said Tuesday its consolidated pre-tax loss grew five percent from a year earlier to 26.8 billion yen (260 million dollars) in the year to March. 
The dollar closed higher at 104.47 yen on the Tokyo foreign exhange market Tuesday, up 0.17 yen from the previous day's 104.30 yen.  Investors sold yen for dollars on reports Japan and the United States were set to resume "framework" trade talks suspended since February, dealers said. 
Four people died as a Ferrari sports car crashed into a parked official vehicle during the third day of the Cannonball Run on a main highway south of here Tuesday.  The Ferrari F40, which had clocked the fastest times on the first two days, ran off the road on a sweeping bend, skidded on gravel and rammed the other vehicle at a checkpoint 95km (60 miles) south of Alice Springs. 
Two Northwest Airlines and Cathay Pacific airliners with more than 600 people onboard nearly collided Sunday near Hokkaido, 900 kilometers (550 miles) north of Tokyo, apparently due to a mistake by air traffic control, a Japanese official said Tuesday.  Northwest Airlines flight 006, bound for Chicago from Tokyo's Narita airport, and Cathay Pacific Airways flight 881, bound for Hong Kong from Los Angeles, flew towards each other at an altitude of 10,500 meters (34,125 feet) in the same air lane, the transport ministry official said. 
No Iranian pilgrims were among those killed in a stampede Monday in Mecca, Tehran radio said Tuesday.  A radio correspondent from Mecca in Saudi Arabia said there were no Iranian pilgrims present when the incident occured. 
Defence ministers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation began a meeting here Tuesday for a twice-yearly security review which they said would concentrate on expanding NATO's military links with Russia.  Later in the day Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev was scheduled to present Russia's terms for joining NATO's partnership-for-peace programme of military cooperation with countries of the former Soviet bloc. 
A large quantity of firearms, ammunition and camping gear, including backpacks, has been uncovered during searches of bushland south of here, police investigating Australia's backpacker murders said Tuesday.  Up to 150 police have continued a minute bushland search since the arrests of three men on Sunday by members of the police task force probing the murders of seven hitch-hikers whose remains were found in the Belanglo State Forest in 1992 and 1993. 
Japan's Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. said Tuesday its earnings would remain flat this year after group pre-tax profit rose 0.5 percent to 70 billion yen (680 million dollars) in the year to March.  The leading drugmaker said consolidated sales grew 3.1 percent from a year earlier to 369 billion yen, supported by brisk sales of hormones and drugs for stomach ulcers, circulatory diseases and cerebral hemorrhages. 
China's Xinhua news agency announced briefly Tuesday the two prizes won by Zhang Yimou's film "To Live" at the Cannes film festival.  But it made no commentary on the awards and radio and television remained silent. 
Government troops have driven the Khmer Rouge out of Treng, the government's original frontline position in northwest Cambodia before an offensive against the rebel capital Pailin two months ago, officials said Tuesday.  Royal armed forces took Treng on Monday, but the number of casualties was still unknown, Defence Minister Tea Banh told AFP by telephone. He added that the town had been completely demolished by the Khmer Rouge. 
A stampede during the annual pilgrimage to Mecca on Monday killed 182 people, according to a Turkish official at the scene.  They were trampled to death during a ritual known as "stoning the devil" in Mina, a town 10 kilometres (six miles) from Mecca, Mehmet Nuri Yilmaz told the Turkish news agency Anatolia. 
The ruble continued falling Tuesday, being quoted at 1,895 to the dollar against 1,890 on Monday.  The volume of transactions was at 10.35 million dollars with initial demand at 40.05 million dollars and supply at 34.65 million dollars. 
Hanoi has had its first taste of live western rock but it could be the last for a while after sultry French siren Patricia Kaas whipped up the sort of youthful exuberance that horrifies Vietnam's straitlaced authorities.  Kaas, known as France's answer to Madonna, stormed through her raw- voiced repertoire of rock and blues at the Monday night concert, causing a near riot among the Vietnamese crowd. 
Lawyer Belghoul Saadi, 42, has been killed after being kidnapped in continued unrest in Algeria, the daily newspaper L'Opinion reported Tuesday.  It said that Saadi, kidnapped Friday, was found with his throat cut on Saturday. Saadi was taken from his home in Haouch el-Mokhfi, in an Islamic fundamentalist sector east of Algiers and known as the "triangle of fear". 
Japanese ministers predicted Tuesday that Washington would back down on setting numerical targets for American access to Japanese markets when trade talks resume.  There was evident relief in Tokyo at the news that the final obstacles to an agreement to resume negotiations seemed to have been overcome in Washington. 
Japan's Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Mutsuki Kato denied a news report Tuesday that Tokyo had reached secret bilateral milk product import agreements with Australia and the United States.  The report by the Japanese daily Asahi newspaper said the accords were reached in the face of import liberalization under the GATT-sponsored Uruguay Round of world trade talks. 
Azerbaijani President Geidar Aliyev said Tuesday that negotiations with western oil companies for a production-sharing agreement would continue but that national interests would be protected.  He said the "preservation of Azerbaijan's interests" would remain paramount in developing the multi-billion dollar project. 
Israel on Tuesday dropped its demand that PLO leader Yasser Arafat give a written commitment to respect the Palestinian autonomy acccord, an official said.  Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin had called for the pledge after Israeli radio played an extract from an Arafat speech in which he suggested he the agreement was merely a ploy and could be broken. 
Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn will stay in Vladivostok for a few days after flying into that far eastern port Friday when he returns to Russia after a 20-year exile, the ITAR-TASS agency said Tuesday.  It said Solzhenitsyn would arrive Friday afternoon in Vladivostok from Anchorage, Alaska, on board an Alaska Airlines plane. The flight will make two stopovers en route to the port, at Magadan, a former prison camp, and Khabarovsk, both also in Russia's far east, north of Vladivostok. 
Expectations ran high Tuesday that a British minister might cool Malaysian anger over corruption allegations enough to secure the lifting of a three-month boycott of British firms.  Trade Minister Richard Needham met Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad early Tuesday to deliver a confidential message from British Prime Minister John Major. 
South Africa's new defense minister, former guerrilla leader Joe Modise, announced Tuesday that he would maintain General Georg Meiring as chief the National Defence Force (SANDF).  Meiring, 54, and Modise, 65, had once been enemies, the former as a career military man, the latter as head of the African National Congress' guerrilla army, Umkhonto we Sizwe -- the Spear of the Nation, or MK for short. 
The speaker of the Duma, the lower house of the Russian parliament, Ivan Rybkin, has been made a member of the Russian security council by presidential decreee, ITAR-TASS news agency reported Tuesday.  The move was seen as President Boris Yeltsin's way of thanking Rybkin for joining his civil accord initiative last April 28. Signatories of the pact agreed to refrain from political violence until presidential elections in June 1996. The security council advises the president on security issues. 
The self-confessed killer of presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio will be prosecuted with second-degree murder, the presiding judge said.  Authorities found no evidence to support charges of premeditation or cruelty in the March 23 shooting in Tijuana of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) candidate, District Judge Carlos Hugo Luna said Monday. 
Japanese precision equipment manufacturer Shimadzu Corp. said Tuesday its pre-tax earnings grew 9.2 percent from a year earlier to 3.3 billion yen (32 million dolars) in the year to March. 
Fast as he is, even Mario Andretti cannot outrun Father Time.  A racing era concludes in Sunday's Indianapolis 500, the 29th and final start here for the 54-year-old driver. 
Sales at Japanese supermarkets in April fell two percent to 1.27 trillion yen (12 billion dollars), the 20th year-on-year drop, an industry group said Tuesday.  The decline in sales at 8,275 outlets was chiefly due to falling commodity prices, the Japan Chain Stores Association said. 
Victor Co. Of Japan (JVC) said Tuesday group pre-tax losses grew five percent from a year earlier to 26.8 billion yen (260 million dollars) in the year to March but forecast a return to the black this year.  JVC, which also announced Tuesday the suspension of its annual dividend payment for the second year in a row, said its consolidated sales in the latest year dropped six percent to 727 billion yen. 
Fiji lost 26-36 to second division Bay of Plenty in the third match of their New Zealand tour here Tuesday.  Bay of Plenty kept the ball off the wet ground and mauled their way to five tries, with winger Darryl Menzies the major beneficiary of their controlled game. Menzies scored a try at vital moments in each half to prevent the unpredictable Fijians taking control. 
Thousands of terrified Rwandans are scrambling out of Kigali before the expected rebel takeover of the capital which they fear will usher in reprisals for the massacres of Tutsis, relief officials said Tuesday.  A special United Nations envoy was meanwhile expected to fly into Kigali from the Ugandan capital Kampala on Tuesday after a dispute with the mainly Tutsi rebels about the planned deployment of 5,500 peacekeepers to staunch ethnic bloodletting in which up to half a million people have been butchered. 
Reporters and technical employees at the BBC were holding a 24-hour strike Tuesday to protest plans that would link salary to performance.  Radio programs were at a minimum and the BBC television station was runnig movies Tuesday morning instead of its usual programming. 
South Africa's new defence minister, former guerrilla leader Joe Modise, announced Tuesday that he would maintain General Georg Meiring as chief the National Defence Force (SANDF).  Meiring, 54, and Modise, 65, had once been enemies, the former as a career military man, the latter as head of the African National Congress' guerrilla army, Umkhonto we Sizwe -- Spear of the Nation, or MK for short. 
The British retail chain Marks and Spencer on Tuesday announced a 15.6 percent rise in annual pre-tax profits at 851 million pounds (1.277 billion dollars) from 736.5 million pounds the previous year.  The results, to the end of March, were less than analysts' expectations of between 860 and 880 million pounds. 
A missile which landed near the presidential palace here killed 12 people, injured 89 and caused widespread damage, officials said Tuesday.  The missile landed just 200 metres (yards) from the palace of President Ali Abdallah Saleh late Monday, destroying eight houses and badly damaged 20 others. 
Northern forces have made a "breakthrough" in the oil-rich Shabwa region but will never reach the production fields, south Yemeni leader Ali Salem al-Baid said here.  Baid, speaking late Monday in this eastern port where he has set up base, said that oil production was continuing in the Massila field at more than 150,000 barrels a day. 
The world's top players have sent American teenager Jennifer Capriati a message of support from the French Open Tennis Championships here.  Capriati, 18, a former Olympic champion and top-ten player, has not been seen in public since her recent arrest for possessing marijuana. She was reported to be at a drug rehabilitation centre in Florida. 
Russia and Ukraine began Tuesday in Moscow a second day of talks on dividing up the Black Sea fleet while in Kiev the speaker of the secessionist Crimean republic met with his Ukrainian counterpart.  Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin sat down with his Ukrainian counterpart Efrim Zviagilsky to speed up division of the fleet which has its home base in the Crimean city of Sevastopol. 
A stampede during the annual pilgrimage to Mecca killed around 200 pilgrims, witnesses said Tuesday.  They were trampled to death on Monday during a ritual known as "stoning the devil" in Mina, a town 10 kilometres (six miles) east of Mecca. 
African National Congress secretary general Cyril Ramaphosa was Tuesday elected to chair South Africa's Constitutional Assembly -- the body that will give final shape to the new basic law.  The Constitutional Assembly consists of the 400-member National Assembly and the 90-member Senate and it is charged with completing the new constitution within the five year term of the government of national unity. 
A battle between two of the hottest Samoan prospects for All Black jerseys this year is to end up before a disciplinary committee.  At the first All Black trial last Sunday former Western Samoan international scrumhalf Junior Tonu'u left the field with concussion, apparently following a tackle by Filo Tiatia. 
Four strong earthquakes under the Aegean Sea shook Greek islands for the second day running Tuesday, sending panic-stricken residents into the streets, the Athens observatory said.  The latest tremors, measuring 6.1, 5.7 and 5.0 and 4.9 degrees on the Richter scale, occurred at 0205, 0215, 0336 and 0605 GMT. All had their epicentre in the same spot under the Aegean Sea some 240 kilometres (150 miles) (Eds: correct) northeast of Athens. 
Japan's biggest truckmaker, Hino Motors Co. Ltd., said Tuesday its pre-tax profit plunged 33.4 percent to four billion yen (39 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast a modest improvement this year.  The affiliate of Toyota Motor Corp. said sales dropped 15.3 percent to 535 billion yen in the same period, depressed by lower revenue in most areas except exports of small and medium-sized trucks and parts for overseas production. 
Japanese precision equipment manufacturer Shimadzu Corp. said Tuesday its pre-tax earnings grew 9.2 percent from a year earlier to 3.3 billion yen (32 million dolars) in the year to March despite lower sales.  The affiliate of the Mitsubishi group said sales declined 3.9 percent to 163 billion yen, depressed by lower export revenue and reduced sales of scientific and processing instruments, aircraft equipment and industrial machinery. 
Queen Elizabeth has accepted President Boris Yeltsin's invitation to make her first visit to Russia at a date "to be agreed on jointly," according to a letter British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd delivered to Yeltsin Tuesday, ITAR-TASS said.  Yeltsin had invited the Queen of England to visit Russia when he was in London in November 1992. 
Thirty-four members of a wedding party drowned when an overloaded boat sank in the southern Indian district of Bellary, the Press Trust of India (PTI) reported Tuesday.  Ten others survived the capsize in the Tungabhadra river late Monday by swimming to safety, the news agency said. 
Italian Foreign Minister Antonio Martino wants Italy to become part of the United Nation's contact group attempting to restart the Bosnian peace talks, the daily La Republica reported Tuesday.  Martino, currently in Washington on an official trip, is quoted as saying that "Italy must take part in the decision-making process" concerning Bosnia, where it has "important geographical and military interests." 
Thousands of terrified Rwandans are scrambling out of Kigali before an expected rebel takeover which they fear will usher in reprisals for the massacres of Tutsis, relief officials said Tuesday.  A special UN envoy was meanwhile expected to fly into Kigali from the Ugandan capital Kampala later Tuesday after a dispute with the mainly Tutsi rebels about the planned deployment of 5,500 peacekeepers to staunch ethnic bloodletting in which up to half a million people have been butchered. 
Rosemary West, wife of accused serial killer Frederick West, has been charged with the murder of an eighth young woman in the so-called "House of Horrors" case, police said Tuesday.  The latest charge against the 40-year-old mother of eight involves the murder of Alison Jane Chambers, a native of Hanover, Germany, who disappeared here in 1979 at the age of 17 and whose remains were unearthed at the West home at 25 Cromwell Street here. 
England, smarting from two defeats, have beefed up their mid-week side with some big guns for their match on Wednesday with modest provincial side Western Transvaal.  Captain Will Carling, Tony Underwood, Nigel Redman and Ben Clarke are the test regulars brought into the side in an attempt to ensure a first tour victory. 
Thorn EMI, the British music and electrical equipment giant, on Tuesday announced a 19.3 percent rise in annual pre-tax profits at 326.5 million pounds (489.75 million dollars) compared with 273.5 million pounds the previous year.  The results, for the year to March, were lower than analysts' expectations of between 339 and 360 million pounds. 
The state of Mississippi has filed an unprecedented lawsuit against the tobacco industry to have it foot the health bill for people killed or stricken by tobacco-related illnesses and diseases.  "The lawsuit is premised on a simple notion: you cause the health crisis, you pay for it. The free ride is over," state Attorney General Mike Moore said on filing the legal action Monday. 
President Nelson Mandela prepared to spell out his plans to build the new South Africa in a keynote address Tuesday to the first working session of the full post-apartheid legislature.  Hours before the new president's state of the nation address, the country's Constitutional Assembly met to choose its chairman, electing Cyril Ramaphosa, the secretary-general of the African National Congress (ANC). 
The Japanese held the record for life expectancy for both men and women for the first time in the latest annual statistics published Tuesday by the World Health Organisation.  In 1993, Japanese women had an average life expectancy of 83 years, ahead of their counterparts in France (82), Switzerland (81.7), Canada (81) and Australia (80.8). 
At least five people were killed and more than 20 injured in an hour- long gun battle between two Shiite Moslem parties here, party and hospital sources said Tuesday.  The shooting erupted around sunset Monday between troops of the Harakat-i-Islami party and the Hezb-i-Wahdat, which is dominated by the ethnic Hazara minority and based in the northern Kabul suburb of Wazir Abad. 
A high-level two-man mission from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) left Beijing Tuesday for the North Korean capital Pyongyang to discuss the controversial replacement of fuel rods at a nuclear reactor.  They will work out inspection procedures with three IAEA inspectors who have been in North Korea since May 17. 
Japanese watchmaker Seiko Corp. said Tuesday its group pre-tax losses almost doubled from a year earlier to 6.5 billion yen (63 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast another loss this year.  The company, which suffered a loss of 3.4 billion yen the previous year, said consolidated sales also declined during the period, falling more than 11 percent to 335 billion yen. 
The contact group trying to restart the Bosnian peace talks is to meet Wednesday in Talloires, a town in the French Alps, French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Tuesday.  The group, which includes experts from the European Union, Russia, the United States and the United Nations, is attempting to define a common stand concerning Bosnia in order to press the warring factions there to end the more than two-year conflict. 
German M3 money supply grew by a year-on-year 15.8 percent during April, well above the Bundesbank's target of four to six percent for 1994, according to provisional figures from the German central bank Tuesday.  M3 grew by an annualised 15.4 per cent in March, 17.5 percent in February and 21.2 percent in January. 
Palestinian police arrested three Jewish settlers as they shopped in a market here on Tuesday and confiscated their guns, a settlement official said.  "They were quietly buying vegetables in the Jericho market, as we have done for the past 20 years, when Palestinian policemen arrested them and confiscated their weapons," said Ilana Levy, secretary of the nearby Namaa settlement. 
Thousands of terrified Rwandans are scrambling out of Kigali before an expected rebel takeover which they fear will usher in reprisals for the wholesale massacre of Tutsis, relief officials said Tuesday.  A special UN envoy was meanwhile expected to fly into Kigali from the Ugandan capital Kampala later Tuesday, after a dispute with the mainly Tutsi rebels about the planned deployment of 5,500 peacekeepers to staunch bloodletting in which up to half a million people have been butchered. 
Sebastien Viars has won a late call-up for next month's French rugby tour of Canada and New Zealand.  The Brive fullback replaces Stephen Ougier of Toulouse who has pulled out with an injured left ankle. 
German M3 money supply grew at an annual rate of 15.8 percent during April and far exceeded the Bundesbank's target of 4.0-6.0 percent for 1994, provisional figures from the German central bank showed on Tuesday.  The M3 figure had shown a 15.4-percent growth rate in March, 17.5 percent in February and 21.2 percent in January. 
President Suharto welcomed Tuesday Philippine President Fidel Ramos's move to ban foreigners from participating in a conference on East Timor in Manila scheduled for later this month.  "President Suharto appreciates the decision taken by President Ramos," foreign Minister Ali Alatas announced after meeting with Suharto, adding that the ban "indicates that the two countries' ties are much more important than that conference." 
Malawi's new president, Bakili Muluzi, was expected to announce his new cabinet Tuesday afternoon, informed sources said.  Muluzi has delayed naming his cabinet as he negotiated with the Alliance For Democracy (AFORD), with whom his ruling United Democratic Front (UDF) Party  want to form a government of national unity. 
The main European currencies were stable early on Tuesday despite an unexpectedly big increase in the German M3 money supply in April.  By mid morning the dollar was being quoted at 1.6495 marks from 1.6465 at the close on Monday. 
The contact group trying to restart the Bosnian peace process will meet Wednesday in Talloires, a town in the French Alps, French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Tuesday.  The group, which includes experts from the European Union, Russia, the United States and the United Nations, is attempting to define a common stand concerning Bosnia in order to press the warring factions there to end the more than two-year conflict. 
The United States called here Tuesday for a rapid deepening of NATO's partnership for peace programme of military cooperation with the countries of the former Soviet bloc.  US Defense Secretary William Perry said countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation should boost defence planning, including a programme of joint military exercises with eastern European countries. 
Share prices here fell throught the important 3,100 level early on Tuesday in line with sharp falls on Wall Street and with losses in gilts in response to the release of high German M3 money supply data for April.  By mid morning the FT-SE 100 index had fallen by 14.3 points to 3,094.3 for a decline of 0.5 percent. In Paris, the CAC 40 index was down by 24.54 points to 2,130.89 points. 
A Danish railway worker at Copenhagen's main station survived an electric shock of 25,000 volts in a railway tunnel, the national railway company DSB said on Tuesday.  The 20-year-old worker accidentally touched an overhead power line with an iron bar on Sunday night. He fell on the track in shock, but after a period of unconsciousness managed to call for help. 
Defense Secretary William Perry's scheduled visit to Panama this week has been postponed, the Pentagon announced without giving any reason for the delay.  A new date for the visit will be announced next week, the Pentagon said Monday in a statement. 
Japan's sixth-seed Kimiko Date, who has never found Paris a happy hunting ground, crashed at the first hurdle of the women's singles at the French Open here on Tuesday when she was beaten in straight-sets by Amanda Coetzer.  Date, who went out in the second round last year, was never allowed to settle under the overcast skies by the aggressive 18th-ranked South African, and she went down 2-6, 1-6. 
The Burmese government in exile called on multinational oil corporations on Tuesday to end support for a pipeline, alleging that the project had forced up to 150,000 Burmese families from their homes and to work for the military.  The National Coalition Government of the Union of Burma, in a statement dated May 17, alleged that 120,000 to 150,000 families had been forced to work as unpaid "volunteers" in infrastructure projects for the pipeline in the Tenasserim division. 
Polish President Lech Walesa will be seeking to boost his country's exports to Switzerland when he begins an official three-day visit there on Wednesday, Polish officials said Tuesday.  Walesa was due to be accompanied by a delegation of businessmen and bankers, including National Bank of Poland president Hanna Gronkiewicz-Waltz, and was scheduled to meet Swiss counterpart Otto Stich. 
A stampede at the pilgrimage in Mecca killed 700 people on Monday, the daily Kayhan reported on Tuesday quoting its correspondent in the Saudi city.  Quoting "unofficial sources" in Saudi Arabia, it said six of the dead were Iranians. 
Suzuki Motor Co. Ltd. and Hino Motors Co. Ltd., the biggest Japanese manufacturers of minicars and trucks, forecast mixed performances for the current year following double-digit declines in earnings, in statements on Tuesday.  Suzuki, the leading minicar maker and the world's third-largest manufacturer of motorcycles, said that its pre-tax earnings had fallen by 10.2 percent from the figure a year earlier to 18.4 billion yen (179 million dollars) in the year to March. 
The cost of deploying French troops on missions outside France in 1994 will come to 3.3 billion francs (589 million dollars), French Defence Minister Francois Leotard said in an interview published Tuesday in the financial daily Les Echos.  Leotard added that the figure was only provisional and he hoped the prime minister would make a special budget provision as had been done for 1993. 
A high-level two-man mission from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) arrived in Pyongyang Tuesday to discuss with North Korean officials the controversial replacement of fuel rods at a nuclear reactor.  IAEA spokesman Hans-Frierich Meyer said the two envoys would probably meet with North Korean officials Wednesday but he refused to disclose the indentity of those taking part in the talks. 
Hongkong Bank of Canada's net profit rose by 53 percent in the first half of its fiscal year, reflecting a recovery from recession in the Canadian economy, parent HSBC Holdings plc said Tuesday.  Net profit for the six months ended April 30 was 42.268 million Canadian dollars (30.63 million US), compared with 27.595 million dollars a year earlier, the Hong Kong-based group said in statement. 
A stampede at the pilgrimage in Mecca killed 700 people on Monday, the daily Kayhan reported on Tuesday quoting its correspondent in the Saudi city.  Quoting "unofficial sources" in Saudi Arabia, it said six of the dead were Iranians. 
Women's tennis officials are still refusing to accept that allowing 14 -year-olds to become full-time professionals is fundamentally dangerous for their physical and mental health.  Ann Person Worcester, managing director of the Women's Tennis Council, insisted on Tuesday that Jennifer Capriati, who abandoned the tour last year and was arrested for possessing marijuana this month, was not a victim of the system that allows girls to turn pro in the month of their 14th birthday. 
One of Singapore's major rubber brokers has withdrawn from its market- making role on the Singapore Commodity Exchange (SICOM), leaving only one broker playing the role actively, industry sources said on Tuesday.  SICOM general manager Chong Kim Seng said that he had received a letter from Dexin Rubber Pte. Ltd. advising him of its withdrawal. 
The UN Commission on Human Rights went into special session here Tuesday to discuss the slaughter in Rwanda and was expected to appoint a special rapporteur to make recommendations on ways to end it.  Jose Ayala Lasso, the Commissioner for Human Rights commissioner, has called for "effective international action" to prevent further atrocities in Rwanda, where up to half a million people have died in an ethnic bloodbath. 
Efforts to stop the spread of nuclear weapons are emerging as the first element of a proposed new relationship between NATO and Russia, German Defence Minister Volker Ruehe said here Tuesday.  He was speaking during a meeting of defence ministers from countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO). 
Cameroon's World Cup captain Stephen Tataw has appealed to his head of state to restore order in their World Cup training camp.  Tataw asked president Paul Biya to intervene after French coach Henri Michel clashed with agents handling their international fixtures. 
A surplus in the German trade balance grew by 27.5 percent in March from the figure in February to 7.4 billion marks (4.48 billion dollars), provisional official figures showed on Tuesday.  A deficit on the current account, which also includes services and invisible exports, meanwhile fell to 0.9 billion marks from a provisional 4.8 billion marks in February, the federal statistical office, which published the figures, said. 
Rescuers dug through the rubble here Tuesday for survivors after a missile pulverized houses and damaged a hospital, killing at least 13 people and wounding more than 100, officials said.  The missile was fired Monday by forces loyal to southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid who have been at war since May 5 with troops backing Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh, a northerner, they added. 
Beijing's security chief has called for a strict public order crackdown in the capital, a report said Tuesday less than two weeks before the fifth anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre.  Su Zhongxiang, director of the Beijing municipal Public Security Bureau (PSB), called on all the capital's PSB organs to strengthen the defence of social stability and deal swiftly "with any problems that might emerge suddenly." 
Eighth-seeded Gabriela Sabatini was beaten in the first round of the French Open Tennis Championships here on Tuesday when she lost 6-2, 2-6, 4-6 to Italy's Silvia Farini.  kd94 
Some 68 percent of French people would favour French military intervention on behalf of Bosnia's Moslem-led government, but only in the framework of a joint US-European operation, an opinion poll revealed Tuesday.  Were France to take such an initiative on its own, 77 percent of people would oppose it, according to a survey by the polling institute IFOP for publication in Wednesday's Globe-Hebdo magazine. 
When Alexander Solzhenitsyn leaves the forests of Vermont to return to his native Russia, he will say goodbye to a country that barely understood him and which he made little effort to get to know.  The odd 18-year relationship between the United States and the Nobel literature prize winner and survivor of Stalin's camps began shortly after Solzhenitzyn made the village of Cavendish, Vermont, his home in exile. 
Alexander Solzhenitsyn, who is to end two decades of exile and return to Russia this week, was the most renowned of Soviet dissidents and the leader of efforts to expose the horrors of Stalin's regime.  The future Nobel literature laureate was born December 11, 1918 in the Caucasus city of Kislovodsk. He was brought up by his mother, since his father died before he was born. 
Samarkand, one of the brightest jewels of Moslem architecture, is slowly crumbling, condemned by the methods of its builders, unsuitable restoration techniques and a lack of funds to ensure its permanent survival.  Grass is growing on the celebrated blue domes at this crossroads of the old Silk Road, and cracks have appeared in the walls of the Tila Kari, one of the finest of the Koranic schools and mosques that make up the complex known as the Registan. 
Police in Crimea are turning a deaf ear to orders from the Ukrainian government telexed to garrisons in the peninsula Monday instructing them to acknowledge Kiev's authority.  Vyacheslav Feodorov has already sworn two loyalty oaths in his 32-year career in the police, first to the Soviet Union, then to Ukraine. He is now preparing to swear a third, this time to Crimea where support for secession is strong. 
Cambodia's two prime ministers left here Tuesday for peace talks in Pyongyang with the Khmer Rouge, calling for a nationwide ceasefire as government forces announced the capture of a strategic town.  "We will propose to the other side to agree on the ceasefire," co- premier Prince Norodom Ranariddh told reporters at Phnom Penh airport prior to his departure. "The bottom line will be to implement the ceasefire," he added. 
Fifteen South Korean victims of sex slavery by Japanese soldiers during World War II sought immediate apologies and compensation Tuesday, saying they were too old to wait years for results.  The victims, aged between 64 and 77, arrived in Tokyo to hold direct negotiations with the Japanese government, aimed at quickly settling the stalled dispute. 
Chinese officials are grossly underestimating the performance of the Chinese economy, a Japanese corporate leader said on Tuesday.  "Official Chinese statistics place the country's GDP (gross domestic product) at about 500 billion dollars in fiscal 1993 but this understates what is actually happening," Minoru Murofushi, president and chief executive of Tokyo's Itochu Corp, said. 
Three of the five biggest Japanese non-life insurance companies announced declines in pre-tax earnings for the year to March while two said their profits were modestly higher, in statements on Tuesday.  But all five companies projected flat, to only slightly higher, earnings for the current year, owing to declines in investment income. 
German M3 money supply grew at an annual rate of 15.8 percent during April and far exceeded the Bundesbank's target of 4.0-6.0 percent for 1994, provisional figures from the German central bank showed on Tuesday.  But analysts said that they were not surprised owing to volatility on the bond market, and that the recent easing of short-term rates might drive funds into long-term instruments, thus removing them from the M3 calculation 
Eighth-seeded Gabriela Sabatini's nightmare continued at the French Open Tennis Championships here on Tuesday when she was beaten in the first round by Italy's plucky Silvia Farina.  She was the fourth seed to be beaten in the women's event. 
Bosnia's warring factions will meet Wednesday in the French town of Talloires with a contact group trying to restart the Bosnian peace process, a French diplomatic source said Wednesday.  The source said that the Moslem-led Bosnian government would be represented by Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic and the Serbs by the speaker of their self-proclaimed parliament, Momcilo Krajisnic. 
The British BET group of industrial services recovered from losses last year, showing pre-tax profits of 92 million pounds (138 million dollars) compared to a loss of 10 million pounds in 1992, the company said on Tuesday.  This improvement in results for the year to April 2, was attributable to a three-year "transformation" programme destined to return the company to profits after two years of losses. BET had disposed of 17 companies for 58 million pounds. 
Two Frenchmen spurned by the same woman committed suicide this weekend at the same time, in the same place and with the same weapon -- a magnum 357 revolver, judicial sources said.  The woman's lover, 52-year-old Gerard Blondel, shot himself in the heart outside her home in the tiny hamlet of Chapelle Saint-Mesmin in central France on Sunday afternoon because she decided to end their affair. 
The jailed wartime collaborator Paul Touvier, who was intelligence chief in the pro-Nazi militia in Lyon, filed an appeal for his release Tuesday at a Versailles court.  Touvier, 79, was jailed for life on April 20 for crimes against humanity for ordering the execution of seven Jewish hostages on June 29, 1944 in reprisal for the killing a day earlier by the French Resistance of Philippe Henriot, propaganda chief in the Vichy puppet government. 
Iran does not plan to improve ties with Egypt despite a visit planned by Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati to Cairo next week, a ministry spokesman said Tuesday.  Iran and Egypt broke diplomatic ties after the 1979 Islamic revolution and maintain diplomatic contact at interest section level. 
British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd assured his Ukrainian counterpart Anatoly Zlenko on Tuesday that the crisis sparked by Crimea's steps towards secession would be settled without outside interference.  "I think the Crimea problem is essentially one for settlement within Ukraine, there is no question", Hurd told journalists following talks here with Zlenko. 
Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk will travel to Luxembourg next month to sign a partnership and cooperation agreement with the European Union, deputy foreign minister Alexander Makarenko said Tuesday.  Makarenko told AFP that Kravchuk would visit Luxembourg on June 12-14. 
Two airline stewardesses were seriously hurt when a Turkish plane was forced to make an emergency landing at Prague airport after a piece of its landing gear fell off in flight, airport authorities said Tuesday.  The 115 passengers on the DC-8 plane of the Turkish firm Birgen Air, which was on a charter flight from Paris to Vienna, were not injured in the incident Monday night, the sources said. 
A stampede during the annual Moslem pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia killed around 200 pilgrims, witnesses said Tuesday.  They were trampled to death on Monday during a ritual known as "stoning the devil" in Mina, a town 10 kilometres (six miles) east of Mecca. 
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation is moving towards a consensus that Russia should be offered a special partnership with the alliance, German Defence Minister Volker Ruehe said here Tuesday.  Speaking at a meeting of NATO defence ministers, he said the arrangement would be separate from the partnership-for-peace programme (PFP) for military cooperation between NATO and countries of the former Soviet bloc. 
The general stock index here fell by 3.7 percent to close at the lowest figure since November of 854.25 on Tuesday following a decline of 2.8 percent on Monday.  The drachma, which had been under strng pressure for 10 days, was steady. 
Sudan, gripped by a relentless civil war, faces mass starvation unless donors increase food aid to two million needy southerners, international aid agencies warned Tuesday.  "The Sudanese are on the brink of a famine as potentially devastating as the one experienced in Somalia in 1992 (which killed an estimated 300,000 people)," said Gabriel Salazar of the French medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF; Doctors without Borders). 
A UN envoy arrived in Kigali on Tuesday and held talks with Rwandan army commanders to pave the way for a new UN peacekeeping mission in blood-drenched Rwanda despite rebel objections, a spokesman said.  The envoy, Iqbal Riza, met rebel leaders in their northern stronghold of Mulindi on Monday but was unable to reach agreement with them on the size of a planned UN force, spokesman Abdul Kabia said. 
Russia has offered to hold its next round of debt talks with creditor states in the Club of Paris June 2-3, Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Shokhin said Tuesday.  Shokhin recalled at a press conference that under the draft budget for 1994, Russia had earmarked only 4.1 billion dollars for repayment of the debt. 
GATT Chief Peter Sutherland on Thursday urgently appealed to the United States not to backtrack from its approval of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), following reports that Congress could delay ratifying the global trade pact.  "To me it will be incomprehensible and inconceivable that Congress will not approve it," Sutherland told reporters after holding talks with Malaysian International Trade and Industry Minister Rafidah Aziz. 
Two Russian reporters who disappeared in Croatia in 1991 were killed by Serb soldiers, but Russia at the time refused to investigate the case so as not to jeopordize its relations with Belgrade, according to an article published in the daily Izvestia Tuesday.  The article is based on a report of a three-year investigation by Vladimir Mukusyev, who headed a parliamentary probe into the reporters' disappearance in 1991 and who dismissed the official version of events blaming the Croats for the incident. 
Lebanon on Tuesday lodged a protest with the United Nations over Israel's kidnapping of a Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief, Foreign Minister Fares Bweiz said.  The protest note charged that Israel violated Lebanese sovereignty, jeopardised its security and carried out an "act of piracy" when it abducted Shiite Moslem leader Mustafa Dirani on Saturday, Bweiz said. 
Malaysia Tuesday indicated it was ready to end its boycott of British firms following a personal appeal by British Prime Minister John Major for a quick resumption of normal economic ties.  Visiting British Trade Minister Richard Needham said Major had expressed hope that Premier Mahathir Mohamad "would not take too long" to lift the ban, which officials said was costing British firms millions of dollars in lost contracts. 
Retail sales in Hong Kong in March rose 17 percent from a year earlier to 15.9 billion Hong Kong dollars (2.06 billion US), the government said Tuesday.  The increase was due mainly to a 28-percent leap in sales of clothing and footwear, as well as strong demand for jewelry and consumer durables other than motor vehicles. 
Two Singaporean businessmen were each sentenced to 10 years' jail Tuesday for conspiring to cheat three financial institutions, including a Canadian and a Dutch bank, of 6.6 million Singapore dollars (4.4 million US).  A court official said the two, Pang Kim SAoon, 47, director of a company named Colour Touch, and Tan Check Soon, 44, the company's group general manager, pleaded guilty to the offences. 
A stampede Monday at the pilgrimage in Mecca killed 252 people, Indonesian officials said Tuesday, giving a provisional toll, while an Iranian daily said nearly three times as many had perished.  "None of the pilgrims killed in the stampede is from Indonesia," Indonesian religious affairs ministry spokesman Toto Sugiarto said, quoting the head of the office for Haj (pilgrimage) affairs, Amidhan, in Mecca. 
A man jumped off a balcony onto the floor of the Iranian parliament on Tuesday after he was denied a meeting with speaker Ali Akbar Nategh Nuri.  The man, 24, was slightly injured and taken to hospital after he made the five to six meter (20 feet) jump during a session of parliament. 
The United States and Japan have reached agreement on resuming bilateral trade negotiations, ending a three-month deadlock, US officials said here Tuesday.  US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor was due to make a press statement later Tuesday on the results of five days of marathon talks here to try to get the talks on opening Japan's markets and reducing its 60 billion dollar trade surplus with Washington. 
President Nelson Mandela, in a wideranging and at times emotional speech, Tuesday called on the nation to get down to work and help build a free and prosperous South Africa.  "My government's commitment to create a people-centered society of liberty binds us to the purpose of the goals of freedom from want, freedom from hunger, freedom from deprivation, freedom from ignorance, freedom from suppression and freedom from fear," he said. 
The Lillehammer Olympic Organising Committee behind this year's Winter Games and Norway's environmental federation are to be awarded six UN environmental prizes, a LOOC spokesman said Tuesday.  The awards for staging the environment-friendly tournament will be made in London on June 3, International Environment Day, during ceremonies for "The Global 500 Roll of Honour" of eco-friendly enterprises. 
Jim Courier, champion here in 1991 and 1992, is hoping Roland Garros will be the relaunch base for a career that has been in freefall ever since he lost to Sergi Bruguera in last year's final.  The American red head, who cruised through his first round tie with France's Jean-Philippe Fleurian 6-1, 6-4, 6-4, says he gets a lift from a return to the courts where he forged his ability to pummell his opponents into submission. 
Russia has asked the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Saudi Arabia to try and "exert their influence" in the Yemeni conflict, the foreign ministry here said Tuesday.  "Moscow is watching with anguish developments (in Yemen) and once again calls on the parties involved to stop the senseless bloodshed," ministry spokesman Grigori Karasin said during a press briefing. 
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation is moving towards a consensus that Russia should be offered a special partnership with the alliance, German Defence Minister Volker Ruehe said here Tuesday.  Speaking at a meeting of NATO defence ministers, he said the arrangement would be separate from the partnership-for-peace programme (PFP) for military cooperation between NATO and countries of the former Soviet bloc. 
The United States and Japan have reached agreement on resuming bilateral trade negotiations, ending a three-month deadlock, US officials said here Tuesday.  US Trade Representative (USTR) Mickey Kantor was due to make a press statement later in the day on the results of five days of marathon negotiations here to try to get the talks on opening Japan's markets and reducing its 60 billion dollar trade surplus with Washington back on the rails. 
Palestinian self-rule will cost Israeli taxpayers 50 million dollars per year, the budget director at the finance ministry said Tuesday.  David Brodet explained that government compensation to Israeli farmers would account for most of the cost, as the economic track of the self- rule agreement allows the Palestinians to sell their produce at cheaper prices in Israel. 
Seven German soldiers from a battalion forming a guard of honour to visiting heads of state yelled Nazi and racist slogans while drunk, police said Tuesday.  The seven were off duty and in civilian dress when they began causing a disturbance, shouting "gas the Jews" and "foreigners out" Thursday on a bus in Siegburg, near Bonn. They also attacked a passenger. 
The Japanese government will face a minimum 8.9 trillion yen (86 billion dollar) budgetary shortfall at the turn of the century if the current tax structure is maintained, officials said Tuesday.  A report submitted by the finance ministry to the tax council, an official advisory panel which is now working on reforming taxes, said the lack of funds would result from increasing social welfare costs. 
Wall Street prices were up in early trading Tuesday as long-term interest rates fell.  Shortly after the opening, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was up 6.44 points at 3,748.85 points. It closed Monday down 23.94 points at 3,742.41 points. 
A virulent, possibly mutant killer bacteria that eats its way through human tissue has claimed at least five lives in Britain since January, it emerged Tuesday.  Official medical reports also showed cases of a condition called necrotising fasciitis, caused by streptococcus-A bacteria, throughout the country, from Scotland to the south of England, not just in the small area of Gloucestershire earlier thought. 
The number of AIDS patients and HIV carriers in Japan has risen to 1,546, with 70 more reported in the March-April period, officials said Tuesday.  The health and welfare ministry said that 44 of the 70 in a quarterly survey were men and 26 were women. 
Students in Ivory Coast's three universities began a new strike on Tuesday to press for the release of 16 of their fellows jailed in the economic capital Abidjan and at Bouake, in the centre of the country.  The strike call by the officially dissolved student union FESCI was widely followed at the two universities in Abidjan, where police and paramilitary police were deployed and all classes were cancelled. 
The Netherlands criticised France and Britain here Tuesday for threatening to withdraw their troops from Bosnia-Hercegovina, a Dutch NATO source said.  He quoted Dutch Defence Minister Rebus Ter Beek as saying that threats of unilateral withdrawal jeopardize the safety of other nationalities making up the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) in Bosnia. 
President Nelson Mandela said Tuesday that South Africa's new democratic government will apply to rejoin the Commonwealth after an absence of 33 years due to the previous government's apartheid policy.  Mandela told parliament that the cabinet of his government of national unity had agreed to ask for membership of the international community of former British colonies. 
Israeli warplanes blasted Hezbollah positions in south Lebanon on Tuesday as Moslem fundamentalists vowed to avenge Israel's abduction of a guerrilla chief.  Airborne Israeli commandos snatched Mustafa Dirani, a leader of the Resistance of the Faithful, in a raid Saturday to retrace airman Ron Arad, who went missing in 1986. 
The dollar rose against the major currencies except the yen Tuesday in calm trading dominated by technical factors and expectations of a resumption of US-Japan trade talks.  The ounce of gold fell a dollar to 388.60 dollars from Monday's close. 
Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk accused Russian President Boris Yeltsin Tuesday of violating international law by intervening in the political crisis between Ukraine and its separatist republic of Crimea.  "The Russian president may warn his own institutions but not the president of another state," Kravchuk told a group of World War II veterans he was meeting with. 
Zambian President Fredrick Chiluba's fourth son shot and wounded a woman he picked up on the streets of Lusaka over the weekend, police said Tuesday.  Police spokesman, Peter Chingaipe, told reporters Tuesday that 22 -year-old Castro Chiluba was later picked up and questioned by police, but was released soon after an investigation was started. 
China's top official for Hong Kong affairs signalled Tuesday that drawn-out Sino-British talks on financing the territory's new airport would soon bear fruit.  Lu Ping, director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office, told a Hong Kong delegation in Beijing that many issues remained to be discussed regarding the Chek Lap Kok airport, local radio and television reported. 
Mozambique on Wednesday opens a national seminar to debate policy on one of the most explosive issues to face its first post-war government, the land issue.  The seminar will discuss recent studies on land access and ownership which generally recommend that Mozambique urgently needs a new land law if it is to avoid renewed conflict, over land. 
Visiting Bulgarian Foreign Minister Stanislav Daskalov told Greece Tuesday Macedonian independence was in Bulgaria's interest and also that of Balkan stability.  "Bulgaria backs the existence of a positive climate between all its neighbour states," Daskalov said after a meeting with Greek counterpart Carolos Papoulias. He advised Greece and its former Yugoslav neighbour to settle their differences amicably. 
The United States and Japan have agreed to resume bilateral trade negotiations ending a three-month deadlock, US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor announced Tuesday.  "I am pleased to announce a resumption of the framework negotiations between the US and Japan," Kantor said. 
GATT chief Peter Sutherland on Tuesday reacted positively to reports suggesting that the United States was unlikely to withdraw China's most favoured nation (MFN) trade status.  "If there are signals that the issue between the United States and China is to be resolved, obviously there is something which is of some bearing," Sutherland said, as news reports indicated that Washington could renew China's MFN status with conditions attached. 
The United States and Japan have agreed to resume bilateral trade negotiations ending a three-month deadlock, US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor announced Tuesday.  "I am pleased to announce a resumption of the framework negotiations between the US and Japan," Kantor said. 
North Korea's refusal to allow inspections of its nuclear power stations, and its arms exports to unstable countries, poses a "grave risk" to world peace, NATO said here Tuesday.  In a statement issued after their latest twice-yearly meeting, defence ministers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation pledged to support all efforts aimed at defusing North Korea's nuclear threat. 
The Non-Alignment Movement (NAM), which groups 110 developing countries, will discuss the nomination of a new country to chair the group in Egypt later this month, Foreign Minister Ali Alatas said Tuesday.  Alatas said after meeting with President Suharto that he would attend the NAM ministerial meeting in Egypt from May 31 to June 3 to discuss which country will host the next summit. The host automatically chairs the movement. 
Gypsy band violinist Sandor Lakatos, who reached world fame through popularizing Hungarian gypsy music, died at age 69 after a long illness, his family said Tuesday.  Lakatos was the first Hungarian musician to be at the center of an exhibition at the London Museum of Music in 1988. 
Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone wants British driver Nigell Mansell back in Grand Prix racing.  Ecclestone, the Formula One Constructors' Association president, has reportedly talked to Mansell's IndyCar team owner Carl Haas. 
The United States and Japan have agreed to resume bilateral trade negotiations ending a three-month deadlock, US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor announced Tuesday.  "I am pleased to announce a resumption of the framework negotiations between the US and Japan," Kantor said. 
More than half of residents in four European Union countries fear criminals will prosper from the lifting of EU border controls, a police poll released here Tuesday found.  Fifty-seven percent of 4,000 respondents from Belgium, France, Germany and The Netherlands said they feared the open borders, due to be introduced at an as yet unspecified time under the delayed Schengen accords, would lead to increased crime, the survey found. 
A United States defense department official said Tuesday the US would consult with southeast Asian nations as it considers providing lethal aid to Phnom Penh.  Kent Wiedemann, a US deputy assistant secretary of defence who flew to this Thai border town Tuesday morning, said the issue of weapons would be discussed through the United Nations and with the consultation of regional allies. 
PLO chief Yasser Arafat in a decree published Tuesday cancelled Israeli military orders for the autonomous areas of Gaza and Jericho that regulated the lives of Palestinians during 27 years of occupation.  But Rafi Gamzu, a spokesman for the Israeli foreign ministry, said the notice published in the Al-Quds daily was invalid because Israel retained some legislative power in the autonomous areas. 
Three bears attacked a group of schoolgirls in a village in central Iran, killing one and seriously wounding her sister, the Iranian news agency reported Tuesday.  Soghra Molavi, nine, was killed Monday while struggling to rescue her 11-year-old sister Zahra from the bears, who pounced in the village of Josestan in Shahar-Mahal Bakhtiari province. 
Court authorities rejected Tuesday an appeal for the release of World War II collaborator Paul Touvier, jailed for life last month for crimes against humanity, judicial officials said.  Touvier, 79, intelligence chief in the pro-Nazi militia in Lyon, filed the appeal earlier in the day to the appeal court in this Paris suburb. 
Israeli interrogators trying to obtain information about missing airman Ron Arad are finding kidnapped guerrilla leader Mustafa Dirani "a hard nut to crack," deputy army chief of staff General Amnon Shahak said Tuesday.  Shahak told parliament's foreign affairs and defence committee that they were trying to garner as much information as they could about Arad, who has been missing since being shot down over Lebanon in 1986, but so far Dirani "has only told us what we know already." 
Hungary is to stage its first-ever beauty pageant for horses in the southern city Bekescsaba in mid-June, organisers said here Tuesday.  More than two-year-old well-trained horses which do not kick or bite and pass a dressage test are eligible to win valuable prizes along with their trainers, the organising Centaur riding club said. 
A boy was fatally injured when a grenage exploded in his hand at his home in Tehran, Hamshahri newspaper said Tuesday.  The boy died in hospital, according to the paper, which did not specify when the accident took place. Police found an artillery shell, spears, a pistol and several bullets, all of which apparently belonged to his father. 
Formula One was hit by a new shock as Lotus driver Pedro Lamy was flown to hospital after a high-speed crash here on Tuesday.  The Portuguese driver, testing a new car, lost control at 200kmh (124mph) and smashed against a wall. He was flown to hospital with leg and arm injuries. 
President Bill Clinton was studying several options on China's trade status including imposing limited sanctions on Bejing while extending most favored nation status, administration officials said.  White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers said Tuesday that the president discussed the matter Monday with Secretary of State Warren Christopher but added that no formal recommendation had been made. 
Bosnian Moslems and Croats will press their demands for more land at a meeting of the warring factions Wednesday in the French Alps near here with an international contact group, a Moslem delegate said.  Sources close to the talks said the final delegates from all three sides had arrived in Geneva Tuesday. 
Iranians need not fear Coca Cola as an American threat to their cultural heritage, parliamentary speaker Ali Akbar Nategh Nuri said Tuesday.  "Raising the Coca Cola issue would be exaggerating the importance of the United States and ignoring our own," he told a press conference. "We should not fear it. Our culture is much too strong to be threatened by the drink." 
Four British passport-holders of Vietnamese origin, accused of plotting a coup against Sierra Leone's military regime, went on hunger strike here Tuesday, diplomatic sources said.  The four, Bui Vinh Ly, Bui Hai Ly, Kelvin Chu Kee Law and Nhat Bui Ly, were arrested in October last year and face trial before the high court here in September. 
Troops from the mainly Moslem Bosnian government have stepped up attacks on Serb-held positions in northern Bosnia, UN Protection Force spokesman Matthew Nerzig said Tuesday.  The spokesman said there were indications the fighting near Tesanj, a Moslem-held town, "could represent a significant increase in offensive actions" by the Bosnian army. 
With one of the healing, inspirational speeches that have become his trademark, Nelson Mandela on Tuesday opened South Africa's first all- race parliament, appealing to all to get down to work and help build a free and prosperous country.  Thousands of cheering people thronged the streets in bright sunlight as Mandela's motorcade headed for the parliamentary complex, an attractive, low-slung cluster of buildings nestled at the foot of Cape Town's landmark Table Mountain. 
A condom made of ice and contained in a block of ice will be auctioned off to benefit the fight against AIDS, organizers said Tuesday.  The association ARCAT-AIDS said major French companies would be invited to the auction and asked to pay a 100,000-franc (18,000-dollar) admission fee which will also go to the AIDS charity. 
Polish war veterans seeking to join next month's ceremonies marking the 50th anniversary of D-Day will have to pay and organise their own way to Normandy, the Warsaw veterans' association said here Tuesday.  Organisation chairman Zygmunt Korwin-Sokolowski said the Polish veterans, who fought alongside the Allies in the June 6, 1944 landings, had not be been officially invited to the commemoration by France. 
England international Matthew Le Tissier remained a Saint here on Tuesday by signing a new three-year contract with Premiership side Southampton.  Le Tissier, a key man in the plans of new England boss Terry Venables, said: "My main ambition as a youngster was to play for England -- now I've achieved that as a Southampton player I see no need to leave and play somewhere else to get myself noticed. 
A virulent, possibly mutant bacterium that devours human tissue killed a woman in a London hospital Tuesday, the sixth victim confirmed in Britain since January.  A spokesman at Queen Mary's Hospital in southwest London confirmed the latest death, but gave no details. 
Thousands of terrified Hutus streamed out of Kigali fearing an expected rebel takeover as a UN envoy arrived Tuesday to pave the way for the return of UN peacekeepers despite rebel objections.  The envoy, Iqbal Riza, held talks with army commanders in Rwanda's blood-drenched capital, where a fragile truce observed by both sides during his visit largely held despite sporadic shelling, UN spokesman Abdul Kabia said. 
A United Nations special coordinator charged with the reconstruction of war-torn Sarajevo put the prospective repair bill at 532 million dollars Tuesday.  William Eagleton believes the money should cover a two-phase programme to rebuild the drinking water and public transport networks, restore electricity and gas supplies and rebuild hospitals and schools. 
Southern leader Ali Salem Baid has gathered tribal leaders in this port city to seek their support for his outnumbered army against the northern troops of Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh.  Baid was focusing on the Awkali tribe's 20,000 fighters to help check Saleh's advance in the oil province of Shabwa, in eastern Yemen like Mukalla, an AFP correspondent reported Tuesday. 
The Japanese held the record for life expectancy for both men and women in the latest annual statistics published Tuesday by the World Health Organisation.  In 1993, Japanese women had an average life expectancy of 83 years, ahead of their counterparts in France (82), Switzerland (81.7), Canada (81) and Australia (80.8). 
The White House acknowledged Tuesday that the UN embargo against Haiti was being circumvented by smuggling from the Dominican Republic and called on the Dominicans to enforce the sanctions.  "Certainly there has been leakeage. There is no question about that," said White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers. 
Ukrainian and Crimean legislatures agreed Tuesday not to act on imflammatory resolutions which have sparked a five-day political crisis, the head of a Ukrainian delegation to bilateral talks here said.  Boris Oleinik said the delegations agreed to "refrain from any new measures" which might aggravate the situation following the talks fronted by Crimea's parliamentary speaker Sergei Tsekov and his Ukrainian counterpart Alexander Moroz. 
Russia signalled here Tuesday that it would sign NATO's partnership- for-peace initiative only if at the same time it is also given a separate accord on closer Russia-NATO relations.  Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev said he or Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev intended to travel to NATO headquarters here at an undetermined date to sign both documents at once. 
Third-seed Stefan Edberg became the first men's seed to be beaten at the French Open Tennis Championships here on Tuesday when he went down 5-7, 6-7 (1/7), 7-6 (7/2), 7-6 (10/8), 4-6 in just over four hours to fellow-Swede Henrik Holm.  kd94 
The world market for new airliners will be worth 980 billion dollars in the 20 years to 2013, a senior Boeing executive said on Tuesday.  The vice president for marketing within the Boeing Commercial airplane group, Richard L. James, said aircraft costing 249 billion dollars would be purchased to replace existing airliners. 
Stefan Edberg's bid to win the only major title that has always eluded him was nipped in the bud by fellow-Swede Henrik Holm at the French Open Tennis Championships here on Tuesday.  The 28-year-old third-seed, unable to master blustery conditions on a day when matches started half-an-hour late because of early morning rain and finished in fierce sunshine, crashed 5-7, 6-7 (1/7), 7-6 (7/2), 7-6 (10/8), 4-6 in over four' hours. 
Israel on Tuesday closed off the autonomous enclave of Jericho after Palestinian police briefly detained five armed settlers, an army spokesman said.  The area was being closed to all non-residents for 24 hours "to allow Palestinian police chiefs to get organised and inform all their men of the extent of their powers," he said. 
The  Dutch Football Federation (KNVB) on Tuesday switched their World Cup warm-up clash against Scotland to May 27.  The match was originally scheduled to be played at Utrecht on Wednesday. 
Four British passport-holders of Vietnamese origin, accused of plotting a coup against Sierra Leone's military regime, went on hunger strike here Tuesday, diplomatic sources said.  The four, Bui Vinh Ly, Bui Hai Ly, Kelvin Chu Kee Law and Nhat Bui Ly, were arrested in October last year and face trial before the high court here in September. They risk the death penalty if found guilty. 
Colombians go to the polls Sunday to elect a new president under unusual circumstances: outgoing President Cesar Gaviria is so popular that candidates are pledging to follow his policies.  Gaviria, 47, whose four-year term ends in August, has a popularity rating of about 60 percent because his negotiations with rebels sharply reduced the number of bloody car-bombings in the capital and a two-pronged attack of leniency and tough pursuit broke the Medellin cocaine cartel. 
Four British passport-holders of Vietnamese origin, accused of plotting a coup against Sierra Leone's military regime, went on hunger strike here Tuesday, diplomatic sources said.  The four, Bui Vinh Ly, Bui Hai Ly, Kelvin Chu Kee Law and Nhat Bui Ly, were arrested in October last year and face trial before the high court here in September. They risk the death penalty if found guilty. 
Rejuvenated Italian star Gianni Bugno underlined his comeback to the big time as he won the 185km third stage of the Tour of Italy here on Tuesday.  Former double world champion Bugno broke away in the final two kilometres during the climb towards Loreto to win by two seconds ahead of the chasing pack, led in by compatriot Stefano Zanini. 
The United States and Japan have agreed to resume bilateral trade negotiations, ending a three-month deadlock, US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor announced Tuesday.  "I am pleased to announce a resumption of the framework negotiations between the US and Japan," Kantor said after five days of marathon talks here to try to get the negotiations back on track. 
A federal judge sentenced one of four Moslem fundamentalists to 240 years in prison Tuesday for the bombing of the World Trade Center last year.  Mohammed Salameh, 26, Mamud Abouhalima, 34, and Niddal Ayyad, 26, were convicted March 4 of all counts in the February 26, 1993 attack, which killed six people and injured more than 1,000. 
A federal judge sentenced one of four Moslem fundamentalists to 240 years in prison Tuesday for the bombing of the World Trade Center last year.  Mohammed Salameh, 26, Mahmud Abouhalima, 34, Niddal Ayyad, 26, and Ahmad Ajaj, 28, were convicted March 4 of all counts in the February 26, 1993 attack, which killed six people and injured more than 1,000. 
More than 200 pilgrims, mostly Asians and Africans, were killed in a stampede as disaster struck again at the annual Moslem pilgrimage to Mecca, officials and witnesses said Tuesday.  Saudi authorities said the pilgrims were trampled to death in stifling heat on Monday during a ritual known as "stoning the devil" in Mina, a town 10 kilometres (six miles) east of Mecca, in the east of the kingdom. 
Bosnian Moslems and Croats will press demands for more land at a meeting of the warring factions Wednesday in the French Alps near here with an international contact group, a Moslem delegate said.  Sources close to the talks said the final delegates from all three sides had arrived in Geneva Tuesday. 
The UN Commission on Human Rights will Wednesday appoint a special rapporteur to investigate the slaughter in Rwanda and discuss ways to end the bloodbath, diplomatic sources said here Tuesday.  Speaking on the first day of a special session of the comission here, the sources said it would also ask African nations to supply new contingents for the UN mission in the war-torn country. Nigeria, Cameroon, Tanzania, and, on certain conditions, Australia, have agreed to do so. 
A political crisis between Ukraine and breakaway Crimea eased Tuesday, a Ukrainian official said, as the countries' legislatures reportedly agreed to suspend inflammatory resolutions that triggered the dispute.  Boris Oleynik, the head of the Ukrainian delegation to bilateral talks here, said both sides had agreed to "refrain from any new measures" which might aggravate the situation. 
Northern League leader Umberto Bossi and former socialist prime minister Bettino Craxi are to be tried for corruption in July in connection with the Enimont scandal, judicial officials said Tuesday.  The trial of Bossi, whose movement is part of Silvio Berlusconi's governing coalition, Craxi and 30 other leading figures from Italy's political and commercial establishment gets under way July 5, the sources said. 
Xoliswa Falati, who was convicted with Winnie Mandela on kidnapping and assault charges, was Tuesday ordered by a judge to stop making defamatory statements about the estranged wife of President Nelson Mandela.  Falati had planned to call a press conference Tuesday, according to her to "expose more atrocities" about Winnie Mandela. 
A federal judge sentenced two of four Moslem fundamentalists to 240 years in prison Tuesday for the bombing of the World Trade Center last year, saying he expected them to die behind bars.  Mohammed Salameh, 26, Mahmud Abouhalima, 34, and Niddal Ayyad, 26, and Ahmad Ajaj, 28, were convicted March 4 of all counts in the February 26, 1993 attack, which killed six people and injured more than 1,000. 
A missile attack on the Yemeni capital killed up to 20 people and wounded more than 100 others, most of them in a hospital caring for Somali refugees and soldiers hurt in earlier fighting, officials said Tuesday.  Rescuers dug through the rubble Tuesday for survivors of the attack carried out the previous night by forces loyal to southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid, the officials added. 
Share prices fell Tuesday in Europe, particularly in Germany, because of concern about the growth of the German M3 money supply and general uncertainty about the outlook for interest rates.  In London the Footsie index of 100 leading shares fell by 19.3 points or by 0.6 percent to 3,089.2 points despite a firm opening on Wall Street. Gilt-edged stock fell by up to one point. 
Northern League leader Umberto Bossi and former socialist prime minister Bettino Craxi will be tried for corruption in July in connection with the Enimont scandal, judicial officials said Tuesday.  The trial of Bossi, whose movement is part of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's governing coalition, Craxi and 30 other leading figures from Italy's political and commercial establishment will begin July 5, the officials said. 
The dollar rallied slightly against the yen in Europe on Tuesday in response to news that the United States and Japan will resume trade talks.  The dollar closed at 104.85 yen from 104.27 at the close on Monday. 
Disgraced former British athletics chief Andy Norman bounced back here on Tuesday when he was granted an agent's licence to represent athletes competing abroad.  Norman, sacked as promotions director last month, was granted his licence by the British Athletic Federation. 
Forumla One racing driver Karl Wendlinger was still fighting for his life on Tuesday as doctors made a new bid to bring him out of his coma.  Wendlinger's Sauber Mercedes team here revealed the measure could last up to five days. An earlier effort to wake him was made last week. 
The commander of an honour guard for foreign heads of state denied Tuesday afternoon that seven of his troops had yelled Nazi and racist slogans while drunk.  After questioning his men for several hours, Lieutenant Colonel Stephan Schaefer denied the events had taken place. 
Japanese men and women come out tops for life expectancy in the World Health Organisation's latest annual statistics for last year, published Tuesday.  In 1993, Japanese women lived to an average 83 years, ahead of their counterparts in France (82), Switzerland (81.7), Canada (81) and Australia (80.8). 
France reserves the right to resume nuclear testing, Prime Minister Edouard Balladur said on Tuesday, opening a debate in parliament on the country's military programme from 1995 until 2000.  Balladur said France was "not committed by any international constraint" on nuclear testing," alluding to a dispute between his right-wing government and socialist President Francois Mitterrand, who opposes a resumption of tests. 
Norway coach Egil Olsen named eight English-based players in his World Cup preliminary squad here on Tuesday.  That was half the players chosen, who will be joined by six more later. 
Troops from the mainly Moslem Bosnian government have stepped up attacks on Serb-held positions in northern Bosnia, UN Protection Force spokesman Matthew Nerzig said here Tuesday.  The spokesman said there were indications the fighting near Tesanj, a Moslem-held town, "could represent a significant increase in offensive actions" by the Bosnian army. 
The deputy mayor of Jerusalem, Schmuel Meir, has called for PLO chief Yasser Arafat's assassination and offered a reward, Haaretz newspaper reported Tuesday.  Meir, a member of the ultra-nationalist National Religious Party, also proposed the killer be given the title of "honoured citizen of Jerusalem," the daily said. 
Defence ministers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation reacted cautiously here Tuesday to Russia's demands for formal links with NATO, offering instead a limited range of dialogue.  They agreed that Russian involvement in European military affairs should depend on Moscow's participation in the Partnership for Peace programme of military cooperation between NATO and countries of the former Soviet bloc. 
Third-seed Stefan Edberg wanted to shake the red clay off his tennis shoes and leave the French capital as soon as possible Tuesday night after his shock first-round defeat against fellow-Swede Henrik Holm at the French Open.  Edberg, who admitted that his chances of winning the one major title that has eluded him were now seriously reduced, said he wanted to find a grass court as soon as possible. 
The dollar rose against the major currencies except the yen Tuesday in calm trading dominated by technical factors and the announcement that US-Japan trade talks were to be resumed.  The ounce of gold fell 2.40 dollars to 387.20 dollars from Monday's close. 
Former Liverpool striker Dean Saunders was accused here on Tuesday of trying to "inflict harm" on Chelsea skipper Paul Elliott with a wild tackle.  The allegation was made by former England captain Terry Butcher in the High Court. 
China has developed the most pervasive spy network in the United States, drawing on tens of thousands of Chinese diplomats, students and visitors, according to a new book written by a US intelligence officer.  The book, unusual in that it was written by an active intelligence official, said US agencies were ill-equipped to deal with Chinese spying, having devoted much of their resources to Russia and the former Soviet Union. 
Northern League leader Umberto Bossi and former socialist prime minister Bettino Craxi are to stand trial for corruption in July in connection with the so-called Enimont scandal, judicial officials said Tuesday.  The trial of Bossi, whose movement is part of new Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's governing coalition, Craxi and 30 other leading figures from Italy's political and commercial establishment gets under way July 5, the officials said. The defendants include former premier Arnaldo Forlani. 
French and Italian police visited the Renault Sports offices at Viry- Chatillon, Essone on Tuesday as part of an investigation into the death of Brazilian driver Ayrton Senna.  They were reported to have taken away certain information from the 'black box' on Senna's Renault-Williams car which they hope will throw light on the crucial seconds leading up to the crash. 
A federal judge sentenced three of four Moslem fundamentalists to 240 years each in prison Tuesday for the bombing of the World Trade Center last year, saying he expected them to die behind bars.  Mohammed Salameh, 26, Mahmud Abouhalima, 34, Nidal Ayyad, 26, and Ahmad Ajaj, 28, were convicted March 4 of all counts in the February 26, 1993 attack, which killed six people and injured more than 1,000. 
Russia intends to sign NATO's Partnership for Peace programme for military cooperation with the countries of the former Soviet bloc, Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev said here Tuesday.  Speaking after a meeting with NATO defence ministers, he said Russia would sign the programme "without setting forth any conditions." But Grachev gave no date for the signing. 
Anna Smashnova, the junior champion here in 1991, moved into the big league when she dumped 5th seed Jana Novotna out of the French Open here on Tuesday.  The Russian born Israeli was always on top of last year's Wimbledon finalist as she raced to a 6-4, 6-2 win that was the biggest of her career. 
Military aid to African countries should be phased out and development assistance boosted to help end violence on the continent, a UN official said Tuesday.  James Speth, administrator of the UN Development Program, said military assistance should be phased out over the next three years, starting with countries at war or at risk of conflict, such as Zaire, Burundi, Cameroon, Nigeria and Algeria. 
Secretary of State Warren Christopher expressed "great confidence" Tuesday in the new Italian government as he received Foreign Minister Antonio Martino for talks in Washington.  Asked to comment on the coalition government including the neo-Fascist National Alliance, Christopher underlined the "great friendship between our two nations" and added, "we have a lot of business to do together." 
The head of a state-owned distribution company was found murdered Tuesday in suburban Algiers, security services said.  Abdennour Naceri was found shot in his car near the headquarters of the firm, Districh, which distributed shoes and leather goods, the services said. 
Malawian President Bakili Muluzi announced a new cabinet Tuesday, picking mostly professionals and members of his ruling United Democratic Front (UDF) party.  Muluzi fired the controversial inspector general of police, Mac William Lunguzi, and appointed Feyani Chikosa as the new boss of the police force. 
Anna Smashnova, the junior champion here in 1991, moved into the big league when she dumped 5th seed Jana Novotna out of the French Open here on Tuesday.  The Russian-born Israeli was always on top of last year's Wimbledon finalist as she raced to a 6-4, 6-2 win that was the biggest of her career. 
President Nelson Mandela's state of the nation address delivered when he opened parliament in Cape Town Tuesday drew praise  from both big business and organised labour.  Appealing to all South Africans to get down to work and help build a free and prosperous country, Mandela centered most of his address on the planned benefits of the Reconstruction and Development Programme (RDP), his blueprint to solve South Africa's socio-economic problems. 
Veteran Ivan Lendl crashed out of the French Open Tennis Championships on Tuesday -- and immediately announced he would not be playing at Wimbledon this year.  Lendl, now 34 and beaten in straight-sets by Frenchman Arnaud Boetsch, said he was suffering from a bnack injury. 
Russia intends to sign NATO's partnership for peace (PFP) programme of military cooperation with countries of the former Soviet bloc, Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev said here Tuesday.  Speaking after a meeting with NATO defence ministers, he said Russia would sign the programme "without setting forth any conditions." 
Russia and Estonia have agreed to revive stalled negotiations on the complete withdrawal of Moscow's troops from the Baltic republic by the end of August, both countries said Tuesday.  Estonian President Lennart Meri and Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev told journalists after two hours of "friendly and useful" talks that they were both in favour of a rapid withdrawal of the 2,500 Russian troops still stationed on Estonian soil. 
Russia's new military posture is purely defensive and not aimed at any other state, Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev said here Tuesday.  He was speaking after a meeting with defence ministers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation to explain Russia's long-awaited military doctrine to replace the security blueprint of the defunct Soviet Union. 
The French Open Tennis Championships continued to take a heavy toll as the favourites opened their 1994 campaigns at the Roland Garros Stadium here on Tuesday -- a day which began with heavy rain and ended in sunshine.  Blustery winds blew Stefan Edberg's serve off-track and the popular Swede headed for the nearest exit after crashing in five-sets to compatriot Henrik Holm. 
New Zealand were put to the sword by Yorkshire's batsmen here on Monday as the county amassed a massive 408 for five.  Yorkshire's effort was watched by new chairman of selectors Ray Illingworth, with Aussie-born all-rounder Craig White impressing with a lightning 59, a performance following his unbeaten century and career-best bowling effort against Essex in the previous match. 
Russia intends to unconditionally sign NATO's Partnership for Peace plan of military cooperation with countries of the former Soviet bloc, Defence Minister Pavel Grachev said here Tuesday.  His surprise announcement, after a meeting with NATO defence ministers, contradicted Russia's previous assertions that it would not join the plan unless NATO also offered Moscow special political links with the alliance. 
A Yemeni minister vowed Tuesday that the north would not attack the southern bastion of Aden with Scud surface-to-surface missiles to avenge attacks on Sanaa.  "I assure you that this will not happen," Planning Minister Abdel Karim Iriani told reporters. 
Somerset skipper Andy Hayhurst branded Brian Lara's latest heroics as a "farce" here on Tuesday.  The Trinidadian left-hander braved awful weather to smash his fifth century in a row on Monday to clinch a Warwickshire county championship victory over Somerset. 
Unions were poised Tuesday to launch a series of strikes to cripple Madrid's public transport system over the next two-and-a-half weeks.  Launched over a salary dispute, the rolling strikes on the subway, city and intercity bus and suburban train networks start Wednesday and are scheduled to continue until June 10. 
About 740 Russians have been confirmed as carriers of the Human Immune-deficiency Virus (HIV) that causes AIDS, a parliament official announced Tuesday.  Bella Denissenko, who chairs the parliamentary health committee, said 281 children were included in the total caseload. 
Italy's new Interior Minister Roberto Maroni Tuesday promised a relentless campaign against Mafia crime and left- and right-wing extremism.  In his first press conference Maroni, the deputy leader of the federalist Northern League, set the campaign as his ministry's number- one priority. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Tuesday that Israel had ways of making sure the PLO complied with the terms of their self-rule accord.  "Every accord must serve the vital interests of both parties, which must in turn rigorously respect their respective engagements," Rabin said at a press conference at the Nahal Oz checkpoint between autonomous Gaza and Israel. 
Benson and Hedges Cup holders Derbyshire saw their hopes of retaining the title dashed by Worcestershire bowler Stuart Lampitt on Tuesday.  Lampitt set up a nine-wicket win at Derby by taking six for 16 in a 30-ball spell to humiliate the home side. 
Nigel Mansell and Michael Andretti bring the beginnings of a great racing rivalry into Sunday's Indianapolis 500.  Auto racing's richest event becomes a world stage for two drivers whose feud began last year and could extend through the entire Indy- car season. 
An angry crowd of demobilised government soldiers rioted in the streets of Chimoio near the border with Zimbabwe Tuesday, Radio Mozambique reported.  The soldiers took to the streets to demand the demobilisation pay due to them in terms of a peace accord which ended 16 years of civil war, the radio said. 
The late Gilles Villeneuve would be proud of his son, the fastest rookie ever in the Indianapolis 500.  The former Formula One racer, killed in a 1983 crash in Canada, has passed his love of racing to a new generation. 
A court investigator called Tuesday for Bernard Tapie's parliamentary immunity to be lifted so he may answer possible charges of tax evasion concerning his luxury yacht Phocea, judicial officials said.  The request, issued by a Paris examining magistrate Eva Joly, relates to a probe by French tax and customs authorities. 
English premier division club Aston Villa defeated local side Manning Rangers 1-0 here Tuesday night in an international festival match watched by a crowd of 8,000.  Courageous defending by Rangers, a mid-table South African first division club, kept Villa in check until the 48th minute when striker Guy Whittingham beat goalkeeper Neil Blankenberg. 
The White House confirmed Tuesday that President Bill Clinton will hold the first State dinner of his administration when Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko visit next month.  "Certainly, I think it is an indication of how important this relationship is," White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers told a news briefing when asked about arrangements for the Washington leg of the 10-city, two-week tour staring on June 10. 
Greece Tuesday rejected European Union charges that it violated EU law by slapping a trade embargo against Macedonia.  The foreign ministry said it had sent "observations" to Luxembourg, where the EU is suing Greece at the European Court of Justice starting June 14, saying the lawsuit is "unfounded". 
More than 30 aid organisations urged feuding Kurdish factions in Iraqi Kurdistan on Tuesday to stop fighting or face a possible halt to international aid.  The warning was delivered at a meeting between non-governmental humanitarian organisations (NGOs) including the United Nations, and officers of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) and Kurdistan Democratic Party (KPD) in the town of Salaheddin. 
South African President Nelson Mandela said late Tuesday he was in the process of holding talks with white right-wing leaders in order to reach a settlement "which will allay the fears of everybody".  Speaking in an interview with state-run SABC television, Mandela said he had already held talks this month with Freedom Front leader Constand Viljoen and with Conservative Party (CP) leader Ferdi Hartzenberg. 
The agreement to resume "framework" trade talks between Japan and the United States came as good news for Japanese industries adversely affected by the rising value of the yen.  Japanese and US officials said Tuesday that the talks aimed at cutting Japan's huge chronic trade surplus with the United States, stalled since February, would be resumed soon. 
A group of 17 pro-democracy activists arrested during an election of delegates to a constitutional conference called by the military regime, appeared in court here on Tuesday to be formally charaged, a human rights activist said.  They were charged with attempting to disrupt the election, unlawful assembly and causing a breach of the peace, said the human rights activist, who is a lawyer. 
US warships fired warning shots at two vessels off the coast of Haiti as part of the enforcement of the international embargo on the Haitian regime, but one of them still broke the blockade, officials said Tuesday.  The latest incident involved a Panamanian-flagged ship that was stopped by the US Coast Guard late Monday and boarded Tuesday, said White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers. Results of the inspection were not immediately available. 
Russia and Ukraine confirmed Tuesday an agreement on dividing up the disputed Black Sea Fleet, but failed to break a deadlock over where each side's ships should be stationed, a Russian delegate to talks here said.  Negotiators, who were locked here late Tuesday in a second day of top- level talks on splitting the Fleet, confirmed the April 22 accord giving Kiev control over 164 ships and Moscow ownership of the remaining 669. 
Japan and the United States have agreed to work together to eradicate polio worldwide by the end of the century, officials said Tuesday.  The two countries also unveiled an ambitious joint program to develop a magic-bullet vaccine capable of protecting children from all preventable diseases. 
Italy considers its exclusion from a group of countries coordinating action on Bosnia "unacceptable," Italian Foreign Minister Antonio Martino said Tuesday.  "Italy plays a primary role (in Bosnia) as it provides bases to the NATO allies," the new foreign minister told reporters in Washington after meeting Secretary of State Warren Christopher. 
A Polish man went on trial Tuesday for allegedly killing two people after giving them drug-laced vodka so he could rob them during train trips, the PAP news agency said.  Identified only as Antoni O., the 46-year-old man was arrested at the railway in the western city of Poznan after some 30 people identified him as having drugged and robbed them. 
South Africa's monthly trade surplus dropped 35 percent in April to 1.657 billion rand (460 million dollars) from 2.556 billion rand (710 million dollars) in March, according to official figures released here by the Department of Customs and Excise Tuesday.  Exports fell 19 percent to 6.69 billion rand (1.99 billion dollars), outstripping a 12 percent fall in imports to 5.03 billion rand (1.39 billion dollars). 
With two of the nine days play now completed in the Far East Bridge championships here Wednesday, the fields in the three events are starting to sort themselves into something approaching pre-tournament rankings.  In the open teams event five of the 22 rounds have now been played with Chinese Taipei holding a two point margin over defending champions Indonesia. 
A French football manager who admitted injecting valium into an opposing team's water bottles received a six-month suspended sentence Tuesday and a 5,000-franc (900-dollar) fine.  It was the second trial for manager Marcel Leveille of the Sully team for the incident which happened at half-time in a February 1993 game against Salbris. Both towns are in central France. 
The United States and Japan broke a three-month deadlock in trade talks Tuesday, but all that has been agreed so far is the ground rules for resuming negotiations on ways to open Japan's markets.  "I am pleased to announce a resumption of the framework negotiations between the US and Japan," US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor said. 
At least 50 rebels in Sierra Leone were killed recently in mysterious circumstances, diplomats said Tuesday.  The incident occurred in the town of Baomahun, 170 kilometers east of the capital. The town was attacked and briefly held three weeks ago by the guerrillas of the United Revolutionary Front. 
A federal judge sentenced four Moslem fundamentalists to 240 years each in prison Tuesday for the bombing of the World Trade Center last year, saying he expected them to die behind bars.  Mohammed Salameh, 26, Mahmud Abouhalima, 34, Nidal Ayyad, 26, and Ahmad Ajaj, 28, were convicted March 4 of all counts in the February 26, 1993 attack, which killed six people and injured more than 1,000. 
The Dominican Republic's plans for a presidential vote recount hit a potentially explosive snag Tuesday, with the electoral board refusing to give opposition parties official voting lists.  Faced with opposition charges of fraud and international observers' confirmations of irregularities, the electoral board had announced Saturday a vote-by-vote recount of ballots cast in the May 16 presidential election. 
The dollar rose against the major currencies Tuesday, boosted by the announcement that US-Japan trade talks were to be resumed.  The ounce of gold fell 2.50 dollars to 387.10 dollars from Monday's close. 
Wall Street prices closed only slightly higher in trading Tuesday despite a drop in long-term interest rates and a strong start in the session.  The Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials closed 2.76 points higher to 3,745.17. 
Sarajevo inched a bit closer to normality Tuesday as a petrol station offering reasonably priced fuel opened for the first time in more than two years of war.  The station is located on the battered city's main thoroughfare, the notorious Sniper's Alley that was a no-man's land in the worst days of the fighting. 
President Bill Clinton said Tuesday he was close to making a final decision on whether or not to renew China's most favoured nation (MFN) status.  Clinton added that he expected to make an announcement before he leaves for Europe on June 1. 
The United States is seeking to grant Central American countries free trade benefits on some three billion dollars in annual textile exports, US Vice President Al Gore said Tuesday.  Speaking at a summit meeting here with seven Central American leaders, Gore said President Bill Clinton's administration would send a bill to Congress this week that would remove tariffs on the region's textile and clothing exports to members of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). 
Secessionist forces in Yemen claimed Tuesday to have beaten back troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh towards the western border of the southern breakaway state proclaimed in Aden.  Radio Aden quoting a southern military spokesman said southern troops had "pushed back enemy units towards the western border of South Yemen" in the region of Kharaz-Bab al-Mandeb on the Gulf of Aden. 
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres accused Syria Tuesday of refusing to join the peace talks and making excessive demands.  "They're running away away from the need to negotiate," he said in a CNN television interview. 
The largest US cable TV company, TCI, and the leading Japanese cable company, Sumitomo, said Tuesday they were forming two joint ventures for the Japanese markets.  The first company will hold Sumitomo's cable assets and develop and acquire new cable systems in anticipation that the Japanese government will allow cable operators to provide telephone service over their networks. 
Danes marry latest, Portuguese drivers are the worst and women live longest in France, were a few of the discoveries to be gleaned from European Union statistics published Tuesday.  The Eurostat bureau's small but informative leaflet provides a useful insight into the varying life-styles of the 12 nations who make up the EU. 
Germany and Vietnam are to open tricky negociations soon on repatriating tens of thousands of Vietnamese who settled in the former East Germany under bilateral accords and whom Hanoi now refuses to take back.  "Vietnam is the only country in the world which will not accept the return of its citizens," the government official responsible for foreigners in Berlin, Volker Klebb, said Tuesday. 
Tony Blair launched his bid for leadership of the opposition Labour Party Tuesday calling for "national renewal", in his first speech since the death two weeks ago of former Labour leader John Smith.  Blair, the shadow home secretary, said there was a need for "national renewal (and for) rebuilding a strong civic society". 
Mexico's Attorney General's office announced Tuesday it had begun a nationwide reorganization of the federal Judicial Police, now under fire for alleged corruption and abuse of authority.  The attorney general's office said in a statement that in order to safeguard public security, it was clamping down on renegade groups inside the federal ranks and eliminating the federal force's General Operations Coordinator. The coordinator's five directors were fired. 
Clashes between the army and suspected leftist rebels in Peru's jungle northeast have claimed the lives of 17 people since Friday, the army said Tuesday.  Sixteen of those killed between Friday and Monday in Leoncio Prado and Tocache provinces were suspected Maoist Shining Path guerrillas, the army said. One soldier was killed and one civilian was still missing Tuesday, it added. 
UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali appealed Wednesday for social and economic development to be made a priority across the globe.  "The concept of development and decades of effort to reduce poverty, illiteracy, disease and mortality rates, are great achievements of this century," he wrote in a 50-page "Agenda for development." 
American lawmakers voted against a US invasion of Haiti but backed the use of a tiny Haitian island as a base for exiled President Jean- Bertrand Aristide.  The non-binding resolution, adopted 223-201 by the House of Representatives, comes as tension is rising in Haitian waters. 
The dollar opened higher at 104.75 yen in Tokyo on Wednesday, up 0.28 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.47 yen.  The rate compared with New York's late Tuesday quote of 104.70 yen. 
A two-day summit of 57 countries will be held here from Thursday with the aim of defusing possible new wars in Europe by settling potential border disputes and solving the problems of minorities.  The brainchild of French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur, the conference will aim to frame a Stability Pact which would be signed by the end of the year for potential new candidates to the European Union (EU). 
Unions representing thousands of BBC technicians and journalists will discuss plans Wednesday for further industrial action, after a 24-hour walkout over pay and hours wrecked radio and TV programmes.  The unions have promised two strikes each week, with the next on Friday, until their demands are met. 
Six Gulf Arab states celebrated the 13th anniversary of their alliance on Wednesday still struggling to overcome obstacles on the road to a European-style economic union.  Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, Oman and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) had acknowledged those obstacles when they signed an agreement to set up a common market two years after they created their Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) in Abu Dhabi on May 25, 1981. 
The special contact group of countries mediating in the Bosnia conflict meets the warring parties here on Wednesday intending to pull out all the stops to get Serbs and allied Croats and Moslems to accept a ceasefire and a virtual 50-50 territorial carve-up.  The meeting on the shores of Lake Annecy will bring together experts from the United States, Russia, the European Union and the United Nations as well as Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic, Bosnian Croat leader Kresimir Zubak and Momcilo Krajisnik, the hardline parliament speaker of the self-proclaimed Bosnian Serb republic. 
Hope for Morocco's children lies in a ground-breaking conference being staged in Casablanca to draw up a national plan for implementing the UN convention on children's rights signed by Rabat last June.  Organisers said the conference, to be attended by the director-general of the United Nations Children's Fund, James Grant, and other foriegn specialists, is also the first of its kind to be held in Africa or the Arab world. 
US lawmakers voted against a US military invasion of Haiti Tuesday but backed the use of a tiny Haitian island as a base for exiled President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.  The non-binding resolution, adopted 223-201 by the House of Representatives, comes as tension is rising in Haitian waters. US warships fired warning shots at ships suspected of smuggling goods in violation of the UN embargo on Port-au-Prince. 
France's National Assembly approved almost unanimously increases in military spending late Tuesday but government and opposition remained split on the resumption of nuclear testing.  Only the communists opposed the bill providing for an increase of 0.5 percent in real terms on military equipment up to the year 2000, but the socialists warned against breaking the two-year-old moratorium on nuclear testing. 
The caning of a US teenager in Singapore has triggered calls from some US legislators for corporal punishment for young vandals in the United States.  "My goal is to humble these punks early on so we don't seek them later in court as murderers," California assemblyman Mickey Conroy said Tuesday when he introduced a bill calling for punishment with a wooden paddle. 
Vietnam's first labour code is likely to dominate debate at a session of the National Assemby opening Thursday, as deputies discuss how to meet the expectations of both foreign investors and workers.  Aiming to head off a further rise in the number of disputes, the labour code lays down both basic working conditions and enshrines in law for the first time the right to join unions and to strike. 
After steering Australia from grim recession into the sunny uplands of strong economic growth, a new cloud has appeared on Paul Keating's horizon -- an opponent who is also a professional politician.  Until this week, Keating was coasting towards the middle of his first term as prime minister, well ahead in the polls, his prospects for winning the 1996 election bolstered by the best economic indicators for 30 years. 
A policeman, injured in clashes with spectators at one of Hanoi's notorious motor rodeos -- illegal motorcycle races in the centre of the capital -- has died of his injuries in hospital, it was reported here.  The local newspaper Hanoi Moi said Tuesday that he was fatally injured in the clashes April 30, the eve of May Day celebrations. 
Popular support for Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata's cabinet dropped to 51.6 percent this month, down 5.2 percentage points from an April poll conducted just after its formation, a poll by the Yomiuri newspaper showed Wednesday.  The disapproval rate for the Hata cabinet stood at 34.2 percent. 
Australian private sector spending on capital goods, including buildings, plants and equipment, fell 5.4 percent in the three months to March 31, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said Wednesday.  In real terms, seasonally adjusted capital expenditure fell to 5.884 billion Australian dollars (4.2 billion US) from 6.221 billion dollars in the previous three months. 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin arrives here Thursday for an official visit likely to focus on overcoming bilateral trade problems and expanding economic cooperation, diplomats said.  Chernomyrdin, who is on his maiden visit to China, is the first Russian prime minister to come here since the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union. 
China has completed a preliminary study on building a 55-nautical-mile series of bridges and a tunnel that would run from the northeastern city of Lushun (Port Arthur) across the Bohai sea to Penglai.  The project, which would be the world's longest, would run north and south, dividing the Bohai sea from the Yellow Sea, a route so far traversable only by ferry, the Beijing-run Wen Wei Po newspaper reported. It would link 20 islands beween Shandong province and Liaoning peninsula. 
The ANZ Banking Group on Wednesday posted net profit for the six months to March 31 of 363.8 million Australian dollars (260 million US) compared to 72.1 million dollars in the previous corresponding period.  Charges to profit for bad and doubtful debts fell to 226.2 million dollars from 377.9 million dollars previously. 
The urine of two cats acting upon quicklime might have caused a fire that burned down a farmer's barn in southern Japan, the daily Mainichi Shimbun said Wednesday.  Firemen found two small cats' corpses and a package of 50 kilograms (111 pounds) of quicklime, a product listed as dangerous which becomes chemically active when water is poured on it. 
North Korea has stepped up its campaign to replace a Cold War truce mechanism with a peace treaty that would lead to the withdrawal of the 36,000 US forces here, officials here said Wednesday.  North Korea informed the US-led United Nations Command (UNC) on Tuesday that it has set up a Korea People's Army (KPA) mission at the border truce village of Panmunjom, a UNC spokesman said. 
Indian authorities have halted the construction of two nuclear power projects after a suspected design flaw caused the collapse of a reactor dome at the Kaiga plant in the southern state of Karnataka.  A. Gopalakrishnan, chief of the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board, said in a statement Tuesday that work on the four nuclear reactors being built in Kaiga and Rawatbhata in the northern desert state of Rajasthan had been stopped. 
New Delhi police are experimenting with shorter and lighter batons to stop constables from misusing the "lathi" -- their most visible symbol of power when they walk their beats.  Members of the 35,000-strong force will be equipped with Western-style truncheons instead of the long, heavy bamboo staves in the experiment being tried out this week in some city districts, The Pioneer reported Wednesday. 
An Australian-led consortium has obtained promising results at its offshore drilling site in the central Philippines which could become the country's second oil-producing area, sources said Wednesday.  The group led by Ampolex (AOE) Ltd. encountered a 20-meter (66-feet) gas column on the Villaba prospect off Leyte island after drilling a sidetrack well on its first well, which had encountered mechanical problems, said consortium sources. They asked not to be named. 
The Beijing authorities announced Wednesday fresh price controls on 34 staple commodities following widespread complaints from residents over illegal price hikes.  "This action aims at putting prices of these commodities and services within the level residents can stand," the municipal government said in a report. 
Three men convicted of beating and kicking a pre-med Vietnamese- American student to death at a party in 1992 could go to prison for life when they are sentenced in a month, prosecutors said.  Christopher Anderson, 20, Terry Jamerson, 22, and William Madalone, 23, were convicted Tuesday of second-degree murder in the killing of Luyen Phan Nguyen. 
Six relatives of the confessed killer of a Mexican presidential candidate who fled here claiming harassment will be allowed to stay pending an asylum hearing, their lawyer said.  Peter Schey said Tuesday that Mario Aburto's mother, brother, two sisters, a nephew and a sister-in-law would stay with Aburto's father and brother, both legal US residents, in San Pedro, California. 
Japanese motor vehicle production fell 10.5 percent in April from a year earlier to 824,430 units, the 19th straight year-on-year decline, the Japan Automobile Manufacturers' Association said Wednesday.  The fall extended a record long year-on-year downtrend since World War II, an association official said. The previous record was a 10-month- long year on year fall from February to November 1974. 
Otis Elevators signed a joint venture deal with a Vietnamese partner Wednesday, marking its return 19 years after being forced out of the country at the end of the Vietnam War.  The firm, a subsidiary of United Technologies, is to sell and service elevators in the north of the country in partnership with Lilama, a state-owned industrial construction firm, in the hope of riding Vietnam's growing wave of construction. 
Japan's biggest drugmaker, Takeda Chemical Industrial Co. Ltd., said Wednesday its pre-tax earnings fell 0.4 percent from a year earlier to 77.2 billion yen (750 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Japan's Toyota Motor Corp. will boost the monthly output of its newly launched recreational vehicle RAV4 to 6,500-to-6,600 units next month, up sharply from an initial 4,500 units a month, due to strong sales, a spokeswoman said Wednesday.  Toyota has received orders for 9,000 units since it launched the model earlier this month, the spokeswoman said, adding that monthly sales are expected to reach 10,000 units by the end of May. 
Taiwan will allow more foreign institutions to join its stock market as part of its financial liberalization drive, officials said Wednesday.  The Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) said foreign institutions will be allowed to invest up to 10 percent of the stock market value, about 18 billion US dollars, up from seven percent at present. 
German automaker Volkswagen is negotiating to set up a joint venture producing Audi cars in China, adding to two existing companies manufacturing its Santana and Jetta sedans, the China Daily said Wednesday.  According to Volkswagen Asia-Pacific Ltd. president Martin Posth, the company is currently holding talks with the First Automobile Works (FAW) based in Changchun, capital of northeastern Jilin province. 
The estimated number of leprosy cases worldwide dropped to 2.4 million in 1994, 23 percent lower than the 3.1 million cases in 1993, the World Health Organization (WHO) said in a statement issued in the Philippine capital Wednesday.  "The dramatic progress achieved in the global fight against the disease makes us more than ever optimistic that the target of eliminating leprosy as a public health problem before the end of the century will be met," Shaik Noordeen, chief of WHO's Leprosy Unit was quoted as saying. 
The World Health Organization (WHO) Wednesday called for a total ban on tobacco advertising in East Asia and the South Pacific, blaming it for the rapid rise in smoking among women in the region.  "I believe that a ban on any kind of promotion, as part of the comprehensive WHO tobacco control strategy, will lead to a sustained reduction in smoking over time," WHO Western Pacific director Han Sang Tae said in a statement. 
The successful conclusion of a global trade pact is being threatened by a proliferation of regional trading arrangements and pressure on governments to renege on the landmark deal, GATT chief Peter Sutherland said Wednesday.  "The conclusion of the Uruguay Round does not herald a definite victory of multilaterism over protectionism. The arguments for the protection of the few against the interests of the many are not going to fade away," he warned. 
Burmese Moslem rebels have killed 11 Burmese government soldiers and injured 15 others in an ambush in a renewed guerrilla campaign against the military regime, a rebel statement said here Wednesday.  The soldiers were killed when a Burmese army patrol was ambushed last week in Fansi village, about 50 kilometers (30 miles) north of Buthidaung township in Arakan province, according to a statement faxed by the Rohingya Solidarity Organisation (RSO) to AFP. 
The Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. (ANZ) announced Wednesday a surge in net profits for the six months to March 31, declaring it had shed unprofitable assets and was ready to forge ahead in a competitive market.  The bank reported net profits for the half year of 363.8 million Australian dollars (260 million US) compared with 72.1 million dollars in the previous corresponding period. 
The dollar closed moderately higher at 104.72 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Wednesday, up 0.25 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.47 yen.  The dollar's advance reflected an overnight agreement to resume stalled "framework" trade talks between Japan and the United States, which should forestall upward pressure on the yen, dealers said. 
Australian government forecasts for rapid economic growth were thown into doubt Wednesday as official data unexpectedly showed a slump in business investment, analysts said.  Handing down his budget for the year to June 30, 1995, Australian Treasurer Ralph Willis said on May 10 that a surge in business investment -- forecast at 14.6 percent for 1994-95 -- was "crucial" to his forecasts of economic growth. 
Japanese shipbuilder Hitachi Zosen Corp. said Wednesday its pre-tax earnings grew 26 percent from a year earlier to 22 billion yen (214 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Japanese textile, cosmetics and pharmacutical concern Kanebo Ltd. announced Wednesday a pre-tax loss of 6.7 billion yen (65 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 4.5 billion yen a year earlier. 
Japanese construction company Kumagai Gumi Co. Ltd. said Wednesday its pre-tax earnings plunged 20 percent from a year earlier to 23.6 billion yen (230 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. said Wednesday its consolidated pre-tax earnings dived 16 percent from a year earlier to 128 billion yen (1.2 billion dollars) in the year to March.  The country's biggest shipbuilder, defence contractor and nuclear power plant concern, said sales slipped 1.4 percent to 2,784 billion yen, depressed by lower revenue from most activities except power systems which were flat. 
The United Nations cancelled its two daily flights to Kigali on Wednesday after the Canadian Hercules C-130 used in the operation was hit by a bullet in the Rwandan capital on Tuesday, a UN military spokesman said.  The spokesman said the bullet, which had been fired by a light weapon, had left a hole in one of the plane's wings. 
Japanese shipbuilder Hitachi Zosen Corp. said Wednesday its pre-tax earnings grew 26 percent to 22 billion yen (214 million dollars) in the year to March and projected a further increase this year.  The heavy engineering affiliate of Sanwa Bank Ltd. said sales grew 12.4 percent from a year earlier to 403 billion yen, buoyed by sharply higher revenue from its industrial plant and environmental equipment operations. 
Japan's Takeda Chemical Industrial Co. Ltd. said Wednesday its pre-tax earnings slipped 0.4 percent to 77.2 billion yen (750 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast a further decline this year.  The country's biggest drugmaker said sales fell 0.6 percent from a year earlier to 562 billion yen. Increased revenue from pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals and veterinary drugs was offset by lower revenue from healthcare, food and vitamins, and chemicals. 
The rand fell against the dollar here Wednesday, opening at 3.6815/30 to the greenback from its previous close of 3.6688/3.6703.  Dealers said the rand had failed to gain on the back of positive market reaction to President Nelson Mandela's speech because there was strong demand for dollars. 
Australian geologists said Wednesday they recorded a large earthquake in Indonesia measuring 6.7 points on the open-ended Richter scale.  The tremor, initially measured as a major quake of 7.0 points but since downgraded, rocked the southern highlands of Irian Jaya, the province which occupies the western half of the island of New Guinea. 
Taiwan on Wednesday lifted a ban on package tours to China that it imposed after 24 Taiwanese tourists were killed in a mysterious incident on a Chinese lake on March 31.  The decision came after a meeting Tuesday between officials from the cabinet-level Mainland Affairs Council (MAC), travel agents, the Tourism Bureau and the transport ministry. 
Japan's Nippon Steel Corp. said Wednesday it would provide British Steel with technology to produce steel sheets for use in car manufacturing.  Nippon Steel said a two-year agreement signed recently called on the world's largest steelmaker to dispatch 50 engineers to British Steel and accept 232 trainees from the London-based company. 
The Japan-US agreement to resume trade talks is a boon to the minority government of Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata but he still faces some daunting economic decisions.  "The Hata government, burdened with the duty of improving relations with the United States, has headed off a critical situation for the time being," the influential Asahi newspaper commented. 
Foreign dumping and rising costs are threatening Vietnam's paper industry and its 35,000 workers as a rising number of mills are forced to close, a report said Wednesday.  Countries in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union have been selling increasing amounts of paper at prices 60 percent below their peak in 1989, creating a crisis in Vietnam's industry, the Vietnam News Agency said. 
The United States on Wednesday welcomed Russia's pledge to join NATO's partnership for peace (PFP) programme of military cooperation with countries of the former Soviet bloc.  US Defence Secretary William Perry said he was pleased by the announcement Tuesday from Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev 
Israeli soldiers have been ordered to be on maximum alert against being taken hostage in reprisal for the abduction of a Moslem guerrilla chief, pro-Israeli radio reported Wednesday.  The commander of Israel's northern region, General Yitzhak Mordechai, said Israel had "information that terrorists will try to kidnap soldiers" in retaliation for the capture of Mustafa Dirani, said the Voice of the South, run by the Israeli-backed South Lebanon Army militia. 
Japan's Toshiba Corp., International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) of the United States and Siemens AG of Germany said Wednesday they had agreed to develop a 64-megabit dynamic random access memory (DRAM) chip.  The three companies, which established an alliance to develop 256-megabit DRAM chips two years ago, said in a joint statement that the second-generation 64-megabit chip would be smaller than those made by NEC Corp. and others. 
Two Rwandan Red Cross workers were killed and several other people wounded when a shell slammed into a field hospital in Kigali on Wednesday, an official of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said.  The United Nations meanwhile cancelled its two daily relief flights to Kigali on Wednesday after a UN plane was hit by a bullet in the Rwandan capital on Tuesday. 
French Defense Minister Francois Leotard on Wednesday confirmed that the French military contingent in former Yugoslavia would be dropped by 2,500 men by the end of the year.  He said it was "a French decision determined by the evolution of the crisis." 
The British commercial bank S.G. Warburg on Wednesday announced it had doubled annual pre-tax profits to 297 million pounds (445.5 million dollars) from 148.2 million pounds the previous year.  The results, for the year to March, were higher than analysts' expectations of between 265 and 285 million pounds. 
The Bundesbank injected a net 7.5 billion marks into the banking circuit Wednesday under a repurchase arrangement at the marginal rate of 5.20 percent, three hundredths of a point lower than last week's "repo".  It awarded commercial banks tenders totalling 63.7 billion marks (38.4 billion dollars) under the variable rate 14-day securities repurchase arrangement, while a previous arrangement for 56.2 billion marks fell due Wednesday. 
The cabinet appointed Tuesday by new Malawian President Bakili Muluzi surprised observers who had hoped he would appoint members of opposition parties to key portfolios in an attempt to bridge the tribal and regional divisions revealed by last week's elections.  Muluzi's United Democratic Front (UDF) swept the vote in the south, but the Malawi Congress Party (MCP) of former president Hastings Kamuzu Banda took the central region and the Alliance for Democracy (Aford) won all parliamentary seats in the north. 
The British chemicals group Courtaulds on Wednesday announced a 34.7 percent drop in annual pre-tax profits at 121.6 million pounds (182.4 million dollars) compared with 186.2 million pounds the previous year.  The results, for the year to March, were in line with analysts' expectations. 
Business, labour and the media Wednesday hailed President Nelson Mandela's speech to parliament in which he launched an attack on poverty but remained committed to fiscal discipline.  "Encouraging and reassuring," was the verdict of the South African Chamber of Business (SACOB), which represents the bulk of the country's large companies. 
Pope John Paul II is to visit the Philippines from January 12-16 next year to address World Youth Day ceremonies here, the presidential palace said here Wednesday.  The pope will meet World Youth Day participants on January 12 and call on Philippine President Fidel Ramos the following day, a palace statement said. 
Former world champion John McEnroe gave the 'thumbs-down' to Andre Agassi's bid to win the French Open here on Wednesday.  McEnroe, losing finalist to Ivan Lendl in the 1984 final, said: "I didn't think Andre looked too good in his first match. He doesn't seem so confident on clay as he was a few years ago." 
Australia's international transport group, TNT, announced a big profit turnaround Wednesday, citing asset sales and improved results from its stake in Ansett Airlines.  The company posted net earnings for the nine months to March 31 of 85.48 million Australian dollars (62 million US) compared with a net loss of 92.04 million dollars in the previous corresponding period. 
Japanese textile, cosmetics and pharmaceutical concern Kanebo Ltd. announced Wednesday a pre-tax loss of 6.7 billion yen (65 million dollars) for the year to March and forecast an even bigger loss this year.  Chairman Kazutomo Ishizawa and president Masao Nagata meanwhile submitted their resignations to the board of the troubled Osaka-based company which also announced the suspension of its annual dividend payment. 
Israeli troops killed a 60-year-old Lebanese labourer in south Lebanon at dawn Wednesday when they mistook him for a guerrilla, a UN officer and a pro-Israeli militiaman reported.  Rashid Mansur was setting off to work in a field in the central sector of Israel's self-declared "security zone" when Israeli tanks fired shells killing the farmer instantly, the officer serving with the UN in south Lebanon said. 
Australian minerals producer MIM Holdings Ltd. announced Wednesday it had completed the sale of a 24.2 percent stake in metals trader Metallgesellschaft Ltd. to German parent Metallgesellschaft AG (MG).  MIM managing director and chief executive Norm Fussell said the commany had retained a 9.1 percent interest in the London Metal Exchange member. 
The United Nations has sponsored a new round of peace talks in southern Somalia, but many Somali faction leaders failed to turn up, a UN spokesman said Wednesday.  Leaders of a southern faction allied to warlord Mohamed Farah Aidid were absent from the opening of the talks in the port city of Kismayo on Tuesday, attended by the leader of a rival group, Mohamed Said Hersi, known as "General Morgan," son-in-law of ousted ruler Mohamed Siad Barre. 
A strain of deadly mutant bacterium that destroys human flesh and can kill in hours has claimed a seventh life in Britain, it was confirmed Wednesday.  The latest victim reported was a 58-year-old housekeeper who died of the gangrene-like infection last month at her home in West Sussex, southeast England, health officials said. 
Hundreds of mourners chanting "Death to Baid" attended the funeral here Wednesday of nine victims of Monday's Scud missile attack on the Yemeni capital.  The bodies, covered in white shrouds, were first brought to the central Kubit al-Mutawakil (Dome of the Faithful) mosque in Red Crescent vans for prayers. Mourners rushed to carry them inside. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. and Hitachi Zosen Corp. announced Wednesday declines in consolidated earnings for the year to March but said parent company profits would improve this year.  Mitsubishi Heavy, the country's biggest shipbuilder, defence contractor and nuclear power plant concern, said its pre-tax earnings dived 16 percent from a year earlier to 128 billion yen (1.2 billion dollars). 
British gross domestic product (GDP) rose by 0.7 percent in the first quarter of 1994 from the figure for the last quarter of 1993, revised official figures showed on Wednesday.  The quarterly figure was unchanged from the original estimates, as was the 2.6 percent rise in first-quarter GDP from the same period a year earlier. 
Three million children in the Philippines are malnourished, and many others are victims of physical and sexual abuse, President Fidel Ramos said Wednesday.  He told an annual convention of pediatricians here that "largely because of poverty and ignorance, millions of Filipino children continue to suffer hunger, disease, and various forms of abuse." 
A top level Norwegian foreign ministry advisor on the Middle East was asked to become UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali's deputy, the foreign ministry said here Wednesday.  Foreign ministry spokesman Ingvar Havnen said Boutros-Ghali requested Monday that Terje Roed Larsen become his deputy on Middle Eastern issues. 
An earthquake registering 6.8 on the Richter scale Wednesday jolted the eastern Indonesian province of Irian Jaya, but no casualties were reported, Antara news agency reported.  The epicentre of the quake, which struck at 1:03 p.m. (0403 GMT) was 33-450 kilometers (20-279 miles) beneath the Gulf of Cendrawasih, and 50 kilometres (31 miles) west of Nabire, the main town in north central Irian, the Jakarta meteorological office said. 
Thailand has recorded 1,953 deaths from Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS), a health official told Prime Minister Chuan Leekpai Wednesday.  An official of the Division of Epidemic Control (DEC) told the premier that the deaths represented nearly one-third of the 5,990 known AIDS cases here since the disease was first detected in Thailand in 1984. 
Finland had a balance of trade surplus of 2,943 million marks (about 545 million dollars) in April, according to official figures released here Wednesday.  The Government Bureau of Customs said exports last month amounted to 12,341 million marks (about 2,285 million dollars) and imports to 9,398 million marks (about 1,740 million dollars). 
The United States Wednesday ruled out the possibility of China's rejoining the world trade body by year-end because of Beijing's demanding schedule to honour obligations required by membership.  "It is tough for anybody to do the amount of work that has to be done in the little time that is left (between now and year-end)," deputy US trade representative Booth Gardne told reporters here. 
Race drivers look like walking billboards because, without sponsors, they would just be walking.  Corporate sponsors underwrite the cost of Indy-car racing in exchange for advertising, hoping to link their product to sporting success. 
The Iranian parliament passed a law on Wednesday authorising the government to raise its share in the International Finance Corporation (IFC), a subsidiary of the World Bank.  The law would allow the government to raise the value of its assets from 816,000 dollars to 1.4 million dollars, according to parliamentary sources. 
Fierce artillery battles raged Wednesday between Rwandan rebels and the army in Kigali, killing and wounding civilians and delaying talks between a special UN envoy and the government to plan the return of UN troops.  One shell slammed into a Red Cross compound close to a field hospital in the Rwandan capital, killing two Rwandan Red Cross workers and seriously wounding five others, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) stated. 
Ireland's rugby tour of Australia took a turn for worse in a dismal 22-9 loss to the Australian Capital Territory here Wednesday.  Following on from last Sunday's 55-18 drubbing by New South Wales in Sydney, the Irish were kept try-less while ACT ran in three tries. 
Japan's department store sales marked the 26th consecutive year-on- year fall in April, dropping 2.7 percent to 691.6 billion yen (6.7 billion dollars), an industry association said Wednesday.  The announcement was based on sales at 272 outlets operated by 118 companies, the Japan Department Stores Association said. 
Japan's Sumitomo Corp. said Wednesday that it would launch a large- scale cable television operation in a joint venture with Tele- Communications Inc. (TCI) of the United States.  The joint venture firm, Multiple System Operator Co., will be set up in Japan this year to operate several existing local cable television networks, Sumitomo officials said. 
The dollar continued to rise against the main European currencies early on Wednesday on news that the United States and Japan had agreed to resume trade talks, but dealers said it might fall later.  The dollar rose to 1.6550 marks from 1.6525 at the previous close, but remained stable against the yen at 104.70 yen from 104.85. 
Japan's Kumagai Gumi Co. Ltd. said Wednesday its pre-tax earnings plunged 20 percent to 23.6 billion yen (230 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast an even sharper plunge this year.  The leading construction company, which has a strong presence overseas, especially in the United States and Australia, said revenues plunged 21.9 percent to 842 billion yen in the same period. 
Talks have begun between North Korean officials and inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on the refuelling of a controversial nuclear reactor, the IAEA announced Wednesday.  IAEA spokesman Hans-Friedrich Meyer said the talks being held in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang would continue Thursday. 
The ruble fell to 1,899 to the dollar in interbank trading here on Wednesday from 1,895 on Tuesday.  Initial demand amounted to 64.4 million dollars and supply to 58.9 million dollars. 
The United States ruled out Wednesday the possibility of China's rejoining the world trade body by year-end because of Beijing's demanding schedule to honour obligations required by membership.  "It is tough for anybody to do the amount of work that has to be done in the little time that is left (between now and year-end)," deputy US trade representative Booth Gardne told reporters here. 
Thai police scoured the border with Cambodia Wednesday in search of two foreigners, one a UN worker, who went missing on a sightseeing trip to a temple under the control of the Khmer Rouge.  The Belgian embassy in Bangkok identified the missing man as Michel Baran and said the woman who disappeared with him was also believed to be Belgian, although her name was not known. 
President-elect Roman Herzog has called for a "head-on fight" against the extreme right in Germany by the organs of the state, in an interview to appear Thursday.  "It is above all a question of the police and legal authorities," Herzog who is currently chief judge of the constitutional court and was chosen Monday as the next head of state, told the weekly Die Woche. 
French President Francois Mitterrand pardoned a jailed AIDS victim after 200 fellow prisoners wrote to the head of state pleading he be allowed to "die with dignity," the prison chaplain said in this western city on Wednesday.  The 42-year-old man, identified as Gerard X, has been taken in by protestant chaplain Bernard Delepine, who said "common sense has prevailed. It is just so a dying man can live out his last days in the way he wants." 
Denny's restaurant chain has agreed to pay 46 million dollars to thousands of discriminated black patrons around the country, in the biggest out-of-court settlement of its kind.  The 1,500-strong chain announced Tuesday it would settle 4,300 complaints of racial bias, pay more than 8.7 million dollars in lawyers' fees for the plaintiffs, retrain its employees and conduct random checks of its premises. 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin prepared Wednesday to leave for China for a four-day visit aimed at deepening commercial and economic ties.  Up to seven "very wide-ranging" accords were set to be signed during the visit, ITAR-TASS reported, at a time when China is experiencing a period of record growth. Sino-Russian trade last year totalled 7.68 billion dollars. 
Four suspected Colombian drug-traffickers arrested here in 1992 during an international drug bust have been extradited for trial in the United States, police said.  The four suspects, aged 24-50, were turned over to US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) agents who flew them out of the country Tuesday. 
Rwanda's army and rebels fought fierce artillery battles in Kigali on Wednesday, delaying talks between a special UN envoy and the rump government to plan the return of peacekeepers, a UN spokesman said.  The fighting, in which several civilians were killed and injured, flared after two days of relative calm, broken by occasional shelling and small arms fire, as both sides observed a partial truce during the visit of UN envoy Iqbal Riza, UN spokesman Abdul Kabia said. 
Mary Pierce took another impressive step towards a possible semi-final showdown with Steffi Graf at the French Open here on Wednesday when she produced another devastating performance to dismiss Italy's Maria Francesca Bentivoglio.  Nick Bollietieri's latest star pupil, who is seeded twelfth, raced to a 6-0, 6-1 victory in just 56 minutes in her second round match. 
Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev on Wednesday proposed regular consultations on European and global security issues as part of Moscow's decision to join NATO's partnership for peace (PFP) programme.  In a speech to defence ministers from both the NATO countries and the former Soviet bloc, Pavel suggested the consultations be held regularly between political leaders, experts or military chiefs, as well as to look at emergency situations. 
Hundreds of mourners bayed for the blood of southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid Wednesday as they buried victims of Monday's Scud missile attack on the capital.  Crowds lined the streets here as the bodies covered in white shrouds were carried aloft on stretchers from the central mosque to the At- Tahrir (Freedom) cemetery. 
Share prices were slightly lower in cautious early trading in London and Paris on Wednesday, despite finding a little support from Wall Street and on steady futures, dealers said.  By midmorning in London, the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares was down 10.8 points to 3,078.3 points. In Paris, the CAC 40 share index fell by 0.9 percent to 2,131.31 points, after rising 0.33 percent on opening. 
The Bundesbank injected a net 7.5 billion marks (4.5 billion dollars) into the banking circuit on Wednesday under a repurchase arrangement for which the lowest rate fell by three basis points to 5.20 percent.  Economic analysts saw the reduction from the figure last week as a sign of a slowing down in the German central bank's recent policy of regular interest rate cuts. 
Bosnia's warring factions Wednesday launched into peace talks with members of an international contact group from the United States, Russia and the European Union.  Bosnian Premier Haris Silajdzic, vice-president Ejup Ganic, Bosnian Croat leader Kresimir Zubak and the leader of the Bosnian Serb self- proclaimed parliament, Momcilo Krajisnik, were all present for the talks at Talloires, a small tourist resort on the shores of Lake Annecy near the Swiss border. 
Inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) have completed their inspection of a controversial nuclear reactor in North Korea and took samples from spent fuel rods, IAEA officials said in Vienna Wednesday.  The samples should allow the IAEA to determine how long the fuel rods were in the reactor and thereby calculate whether plutonium could have been diverted, possibly for use in making nuclear bombs. 
The relief was palpable at NATO here Wednesday after Russia signalled it was ready to join the western alliance's programme of military partnership amid pledges of a new non-aggressive post-Cold War military doctrine.  Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev declared on several occasions on Tuesday and Wednesday that Moscow would set no conditions for joining the partnership for peace (PFP) programme. 
Alexander Solzhenitsyn was to finally return to his beloved Russia on Wednesday, having outlasted the Soviet system that imprisoned him, then expelled him for his writings 20 years ago.  The author of the epic "Gulag Archipelago" was to leave Cavenedish, Vermont at midday, saying farewell to this tiny town which he picked for its birch woods and long, snowy winters that reminded him of Russia and made exile more bearable. 
North Korea, amid an international outcry against its suspected nuclear arms programme, called Wednesday for the removal of what it termed the "discriminative nature" of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).  "With the Cold War having come to an end, the existence of nuclear weapons cannot be justified on any account," a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman said in a statement. 
Alexander Solzhenitsyn's return to Moscow comes more than 20 years after he became the first Soviet citizen to be expelled from the country since Stalin's rival Leon Trotsky in 1929.  On Wednesday, February 13, 1974, after a night spent in Moscow's Lefortovo prison, the 55-year-old writer was placed aboard an Aeroflot airliner by half-a-dozen KGB agents, en route for Frankfurt, Germany. 
Many US-based human rights activists have quietly abandoned efforts to persuade Washington to revoke China's privileged trade status, concentrating instead on winning other sanctions to punish Beijing.  A coalition of 11 labor and human rights organizations argued at a news conference this week that China had failed to make progress on human rights and had in fact regressed in some areas. 
Politicians in southeastern Nigeria have formed a new party in defiance of a government ban and called on the junta of General Sani Abacha to stand down, press reports said here Wednesday.  The People's Mandate Party was formed in the city of Enugu last week as an offshoot of the Eastern Mandate Union (EMU) grouping prominent politicians from seven states in the region, the reports said. 
A second Vietnamese has committed suicide through self-immolation, a diplomat reported Wednesday, showing the growing desperation of boat people facing forced repatriation.  Growing tension at Galang island camp has been matched in Hong Kong where scores of detained Vietnamese have inflicted wounds on themselves in protest at being forced to go home. 
President Bill Clinton's dilemma over whether to renew China's most favoured nation (MFN) trade status echoes the foriegn policy muddles he has gotten into with other major trouble spots.  As with the crises in Haiti and Bosnia, Clinton has backed himself into a corner over China by making promises he cannot keep and issuing threats he will not carry out. 
As Palestinians and the world await PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's historic arrival in autonomous Jericho in mid-June, the media is already counting the costs of the extravaganza.  The return by Arafat, a long wait since Israel seized the West Bank and Gaza Strip in the 1967 Middle East war, will be at the top of the news as television networks and other media focus in on his every move. 
Despite efforts here to punch a hole in the American Dream, illegal emigration to the United States from southeastern Fujian province is continuing, much of it from this coastal city.  Ling Chaoqing, an electrical worker from the small village of Banye, near here, spent almost a year and a half in Los Angeles. "Even so, I didn't see anything of California," he joked. 
Not far from Tallinn, where Baltic countries met this week for talks on nuclear security and other issues, the Estonians are still waiting impatiently for the green light to dismantle two Russian nuclear reactors from a former Soviet naval base.  For four decades, Paldiski, one of the Soviet navy's most important Baltic bases, was a "closed town" off limits to all but military personnel. 
Inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) have completed their inspection of a controversial nuclear reactor in North Korea and took samples from spent fuel rods, IAEA officials said in Vienna Wednesday.  The samples should allow the IAEA to determine how long the fuel rods were in the Yongbyon reactor and thereby calculate whether plutonium could have been manufactured or diverted, possibly for use in making nuclear bombs. 
The UN Human Rights Commission in Geneva has contributed to the failure of the international community to prevent mass slaughter in Rwanda, Amnesty International said Wednesday.  The London-based rights group said the UN commission's special rapporteur on extrajudicial executions "made 12 detailed recommendations following his mission to Rwanda in April last year." 
Poland is ready to buy 20 percent of debts totalling 13.2 billion dollars which it owes to commercial banks in the Club of London, the chief Polish negotiator Krzysztof Krowacki said on Wednesday.  Poland made an offer to the working group of the Club of London on Saturday to buy back the principal and unpaid interest of the debt for 41 cents in the dollar and revolving credits for 38 cents in the dollar. 
India's main communist party is seeking donations to ship 200 tonnes of detergent and 140 tonnes of soap to Cuba to help alleviate shortages there, a Marxist leader said on Wednesday.  The Communist Party of India (Marxist) has asked supporters for 300,000 rupees (10,000 dollars) to meet the cost of transporting the goods to Rotterdam, in the Netherlands, from where they would be shipped to Havana. 
A bashful Hong Kong graduate of Canada's McGill University is giving his alma mater eight million Canadian dollars (5.8 million US) to build a new engineering building, its principal said Tuesday.  David Johnston declined to name the mystery donor, saying a promise of anonymity had been made by the university. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin on Wednesday justified his decision to issue economic decrees without consulting parliament on the grounds of "the imperative need to get the country out of economic crisis."  His office said he had sent a letter to the Duma and Council of the Federation, the lower and upper houses of parliament, explaining why he had signed the five decrees on Monday without taking the time to consult either body. 
The Commission of the European Union has decided to investigate a plan by the French government to inject 20 billion francs (3.5 billion dollars) into the Air France airline, an EU spokesman said on Wednesday.  The enquiry is a normal procedure under European treaties to ensure that state aid does not interfere unfairly with competition between companies in different countries of the union. 
The government in Sanaa has begun a dialogue with senior officials in the southern Yemen Socialist Party (YSP) in a bid to achieve a political solution to the conflict in Yemen, Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani said Wednesday.  Speaking to reporters in Sanaa, Iryani said contacts were being made through Mujahid Yahya Abu Shuwarib, a deputy prime minister and leader of the Hashed tribe. 
Deputy German Foreign Minister Ursula Seiler-Albring will head a mission to the Philippines on Thursday to discuss bilateral ties and relations between the European Union and ASEAN, an embassy statement issued here Wednesday said.  Seiler-Albring, who has the rank of state minister, will be accompanied by Klaus Zeller, head of the ministry's Asian division, it said. 
Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad vowed Wednesday that he would not abolish a law allowing indefinite detention without trial, although he said some changes would be made to the legislation.  "If we lift up the lid, there might be a recurrence of undesirable incidents," Bernama news agency quoted Mahathir as saying as the opposition pressed for abolishing the law. 
Durable goods orders rose a tiny 0.1 percent for April, against a revised 0.7 percent increase in March, the Commerce Department said Wednesday.  Analysts had expected a gain of one percent. 
A strain of deadly mutant bacterium that destroys human flesh and can kill in hours has claimed three more lives, bringing the confirmed death toll in Britain this year to nine, it was reported Wednesday.  In addition, there were reports of two other deaths, not yet officially connected with the gangrene-like infection, necrotizing fasciitis, which would bring the toll in Britain to 11. 
Deputies of Croatia's ruling party, the Croat Democratic Union (HDZ), dismissed the speaker of parliament, party dissident Stipe Mesic in an overnight session Wednesday boycotted by opposition parties.  Opposition groups labelled the move "illegal and anti-constitutional". 
The growth of the German M3 money supply is the main cause for concern at the Bundesbank, a member of the bank's policy-making central council Reimut Jochimsen said on Wednesday.  The Bundesbank published figures on Tuesday showing that M3 had grown at an annual rate of 15.8 percent in April from 15.4 percent in March and 17.5 percent in February. The bank has set a target for this year of growth of 4.0-6.0 percent. 
The 1997 Ryder Cup is to be staged at Valderrama, the club at the centre of inducement allegations by Severiano Ballesteros.  The Costa del Sol course was, as expected, chosen as the first club outside Britain to host the match against America by Europe's Ryder Cup committee here on Wednesday. 
Fast bowler Andrew Caddick has been ruled out of contention for England's First Test against New Zealand, the country of his birth.  Caddick failed a fitness test on a shoulder problem on Wednesday. He missed out on selection for the two one-day internationals, the second of which was rained off at the weekend, but had hoped to be fit for the Nottingham Test series opener starting next Thursday. 
Iranian state radio blasted Saudi Arabia Wednesday for its silence over the death toll in a stampede during the Mecca pilgrimage, saying the incident cast doubt on Riyadh's ability to stage the ceremony.  "With a little planning the Saudis could have prevented the tragedy," the radio said. 
Alexander Solzhenitsyn's eldest son, Yermolai, arrived Wednesday in Vladivostok from Seoul, two days ahead of the writer who returns to his homeland after 20 years in exile, ITAR-TASS reported.  Yermolai, a Harvard graduate, is currently living in Taiwan and will accompany his father, mother Natalia and brother Stepan on their journey across Russia to Moscow. 
Durable goods orders rose a tiny 0.1 percent for April, against a revised 0.7 percent increase in March, the Commerce Department said Wednesday.  While the gain was the eighth in nine months, it was considerably smaller than the one percent rise that analysts had expected and could point toward slower growth for the US economy in the second quarter. 
The European Union released one million ECU (1.5 million dollars) for emergency aid to victims of Rwanda's bloodbath on Wednesday, the EU announced in a statement.  The funds went to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) to enable it to pursue its medical and sanitation activities in the capital Kigali and in the towns of Butare and Kibungu in the south and southeast. 
At least 13 Pakistanis died in the stampede during the annual Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca, an official statement said here Wednesday quoting information from Saudi Arabia.  Earlier in the day, Interior Minister Naseerullah Babar, responding to questions from the upper house of the Pakistani parliament, had put the casualties at 32. 
A US envoy has gone to Cambodia to discuss military aid for Phnom Penh, a senior US statement department officials said at an Asian Pacific security meeting here Wednesday.  Thomas Hubbard, deputy assistant secretary at the State Department, said a US defence official had flown to Phnom Penh to discuss Cambodian appeals for Western military aid to fight the Khmer Rouge. 
Georgian artillery pounded a valley east of the separatist region of Abkhazia Wednesday injuring four separatist soldiers, Abkhazian authorities in Moscow reported.  They said said some 250 mortars were fired Tuesday and Wednesday from the town of Kapchar, located in a mountainous region east of Abkhazia. 
The Camelot Group, a consortium including Cadbury Schweppes and banknote printer De La Rue, on Wednesday won the battle to run Britain's new National Lottery in competition with seven rival bidders.  Camelot beat an all-charity plan from Virgin chief Richard Branson and consortiums involving television companies, newspapers, banks and top British companies. 
Fears that unusually low interest rates would soon be on the upswing pushed up sales of existing homes 1.2 percent in April, a real estate industry group said Wednesday.  "Affordability conditions have been so good over the last year that first-time and trade-up buyers became concerned when mortgage rates started their upward crawl," said Robert Elrod, president of the National Association of Realtors. 
The representative of Lebanon's Shiite Moslem community urged the American and Russian co-sponsors of the Middle East peace talks to condemn Israel's abduction of a fundamentalist guerrilla chief.  "If they want to achieve what they call peace in the Middle East, they must adopt a just position on this operation" to kidnap Resistance of the Faithful leader Mustafa Dirani, Sheikh Mohammad Mehdi Shamseddin said. 
Israeli warplanes on Wednesday raided two villages in south Lebanon where the pro-Iranian Hezbollah guerrillas are entrenched, police said.  The fighter bombers fired an unspecified number of missiles at Kfar Rumman and Suweida, villages facing the central sector of Israel's "security zone", police said. 
Safety and Security Minister Sydney Mufamadi on Wednesday announced sweeping changes to transform South Africa's old apartheid police into a public-orientated "user-friendly" force.  The new police would fit into the country's current philosophy of "forgiving the past without forgetting it", he told a media briefing. 
Moslem snipers have killed 31 civilians and injured 66 others in the Serb-held region of the Bosnian capital since a ceasefire went into effect in February, the Bosnian Serb SRNA news agency reported Wednesday.  The agency, citing Serb military sources, said the mainly Moslem Bosnian army had violated the February 9 ceasefire in Sarajevo at least 400 times since it went into effect. 
Doctors have begun an indefinite strike in Ghana's state hospitals to press demands for payment of their overtime hours, press reports said Wednesday.  Health Minister Steve Obimpeh on Wednesday called on nurses and other hospital staff to take charge of the patients and to send the most serious cases to military hospitals or clinics run by charities. 
A strain of deadly mutant bacteria that destroy human flesh and can kill in hours claims about 20 lives in Germany every year, a spokesman for the German health agency (BGA) said here Wednesday.  Between 30 and 40 cases of the gangrene-like infection, necrotizing fasciitis, which has claimed nine lives in Britain so far this year, are reported in Germany every year and about half of the patients die, said Gernot Rasch. 
President Nelson Mandela said Wednesday he was prepared to meet neo- Nazi leader Eugene Terre'Blanche, if it would help draw South Africa's far white right-wing into peaceful negotiations.  Mandela was speaking after meeting Ferdi Hartzenberg, leader of the pro-apartheid Conservative Party, which boycotted last month's historic all-race poll, saying the new constitution did not accomodate the right-wing's demand for a separate white homeland. 
A Polish court prosecutor Wednesday called for 15-year jail terms for two former communist generals accused of plotting the 1984 murder of Jerzy Popielusko, a priest associated with the then underground Solidarity trade union.  Former deputy interior minister responsible for the political police, Wladyslaw Ciaston, and the former head of the interior ministry department responsible for the clergy, Zenon Platek, have been on trial here for the past two years in connection with the assassination. 
Inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) have completed their inspection of a North Korean nuclear experimental reprocessing facility after taking samples, IAEA officials said in Vienna Wednesday.  The samples should allow the IAEA to determine whether plutonium could have been manufactured or diverted to the Yongbyon laboratory, located 90 kilometres (55 miles) north of the North Korean capital Pyongyang, possibly for use in making nuclear bombs. 
Israeli warplanes on Wednesday raided suspected guerrilla positions in south Lebanon, police said.  The fighter bombers fired missiles at positions within the valley lying between Kfar Rumman and Suweida, villages facing the central sector of Israel's "security zone", police said. 
Steffi Graf forced the hand of Swiss coach Heinz Gunthardt and entered him to play mixed-doubles with her at the French Open Championships here on Wednesday.  "He doesn't know it yet -- but I have entered him to play with me. We have asked for a wild-card," she grinned. 
The relief was palpable at NATO here Wednesday after Russia signalled it was ready to join the western alliance's programme of military partnership amid pledges of a new non-aggressive post-Cold War military doctrine.  Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev declared on several occasions Tuesday and Wednesday that Moscow would set no conditions for joining the partnership for peace (PFP) programme. 
The Los Angeles area was hit by another aftershock early Tuesday but there were no immediate reports of any injuries or damage.  The moderate temblor was measured at 4.5 on the open-ended Richter scale with an epicenter some 23 miles (33 kilometers) northeast of Los Angeles, said Heather Lobasz of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. 
You may be able to blame your irritability and general bad temper on your family, literally.  A study of twins found that genetic makeup could account for 40 percent of indirect aggression -- throwing things or having tantrums -- while 38 percent of general irritability may be genetically based, according to researcher Emil Coccaro. 
Wall Street prices were down in early trading Wednesday as long-term interest rates rose and European markets were weak.  Several minutes after trading started, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was 11.05 points (0.30 percent) down at 3,734.12 points. It closed Tuesday up 2.76 points at 3,745.17 points. 
The United States has contacted three Arab countries in an effort to help broker a ceasefire between rival leaders in the Yemen civil war, an Egyptian diplomat said Wednesday.  Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) were contacted because they "are the three Arab countries best placed" to ensure "an indirect dialogue between the northen and southern Yemenis," the diplomat said. 
Canadian residents bought foreign securities worth some 1.8 billion dollars (1.3 billion US) in March, double the amount of Canadian securities bought by foreigners, the government reported Wednesday.  Statistics Canada said the March purchase of foreign stocks and bonds by Canadians was due primarily to Canadian mutual fund industry stepping up its "heavy investment in foreign stocks" with non-North American equity funds proving popular. 
Russia is heading for massive participation in an east-west programme of military partnership despite differences with NATO over political relations, diplomats and officials said here Wednesday.  They were speaking after Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev called for a formal new system of consultations between Moscow and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation on European and world security. 
Four members of two Liberian armed factions were killed and 12 civilians injured when the lorry they were riding on ran over a mine north of the port town of Buchanan, the defense ministry said Wednesday.  Those killed were a colonel of the Armed Forces of Liberia (AFL) and three guerrillas in a recently emerged faction, the Liberian Peace Council (LPC), ministry spokesman Arthur Dennis said. 
Estonia is "sad" at Russian foot-dragging in pulling out troops from the newly independent Baltic nation after Russia accused the country of passing laws discriminating against ethnic Russians.  "We are sad" about the Russian accusations, Foreign Minister Juri Luik told a press conference winding up a two-day conference of Baltic countries. 
Changes ordered by Formula One bosses to make cars safer after recent tragedies have been given a cool reception by two British drivers in the run up to this weekend's Spanish Grand Prix.  Meanwhile the Simtek Grand Prix team has announced that Italian Andrea Montermini, a former Ferrari and Benetton test driver, will replace the late Roland Ratzenberger at Barcelona on Sunday. 
The International Committee of the Red Cross evacuated 800 Somali refugees from the Yemen war zone to sites well away from the fighting, the organisation said here Wednesday.  The Somalis left the camp at Al Koud, 50 kilometres (30 miles) east of the key southern stronghold of Aden, to four sites east of Zinjibar, away from the frontlines. 
The Thyssen industrial group cut pre-tax losses by 65 percent in the first half of the year to 182 million marks (114 million dollars) from 515 million marks in the first half of last year, the company said on Wednesday.  Sales were unchanged at 16.4 billion marks. 
President Francois Mitterrand on Wednesday insisted he was opposed to any lifting of an arms embargo on ex-Yugoslavia, as pressure groups lobbied in France for an end to the ban voted by the UN Security Council.  Mitterrand, who spoke at a cabinet meeting, warned that allowing arms deliveries could trigger an escalation of the Bosnian conflict that could "go well beyond the Balkans," his spokesman Jean Musitelli said. 
The SAS airline reduced pre-tax losses for the first quarter to 101 million kronor (13 million dollars) from 1.534 billion kronor in the first quarter of last year, the company said on Wednesday.  The Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) increased sales by 3.7 percent to 8.989 billion kronor (1.15 billion dollars) from 8.673 billion kronor. 
The Taiwanese dollar lost nearly 15 cents against the US dollar on Wednesday to close at 27.105 cents, a record plunge from the 26.75 recorded in January 1991, currency dealers said.  Following the previous day's depreciation to 26.959 cents, the local unit got off to a losing start and further plunged to the intra- session low of 27.12, spurred by strong buying of the greenback by local importers, they said. 
Share prices in Athens continued to fall Wednesday and showed a loss of 5.57 percent but the drachma continued to recover.  The fall Wednesday was the biggest this year. The general index had already fallen by 2.8 percent Monday and by 3.7 percent Tuesday. 
The dollar was down against other major currencies in early trading on Wall Street Wednesday after the release of disappointing US economic indicators.  The greenback had been boosted Tuesday when Japanese and US officials reached agreement to resume their stalled trade talks. 
Demand was excellent for mohair at the sixth Cape summer sale in this south coast city, with 99 percent of the 2,541 bales on offer being sold, the Mohair Board said Wednesday.  The board reported strong demand for all types and prices were 20 to 25 percent higher than those at the previous sale on May 3. 
Japan's industrial output and shipments in January-March showed the first gain in four quarters, an official report said on Wednesday.  But the return to growth could not be taken as a signal for full economic recovery, an official said. 
The French state-controlled Thomson-CSF electronics group expects to report a loss of up to 2.2 billion francs (393 million dollars) for 1993 but has had to delay publication of its accounts again, the company said Wednesday.  The main problem concerns recapitalisation of the state-controlled Credit Lyonnais bank in which Thomson-CSF is a shareholder. 
Japan Tobacco Co. Ltd., a government monopoly targeted for a stock market listing in October, said Wednesday its pre-tax earnings jumped 11 percent to 110 billion yen (1.07 billion dollars) in the year to March.  The company said revenue was also buoyant, climbing almost two percent from a year earlier to 3,460 billion yen, including sales of 273 billion cigarettes in Japan and 16 billion cigarettes abroad. Comparisons were not available. 
Barely a year after President Geidar Aliyev came to power, the Azerbaijani leader's hold on power is threatened by his opposition to re-establishment of Russian influence in the Transcaucasus republic.  Russia wants to place its troops along the Azerbaijani border with Iran, establish its own military bases in the country and deploy Russian peacekeeping troops between Azerbaijani and Armenian forces in the disputed enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh. 
When the world's number-one player meets the world's top junior -- he has to work overtime.  That's what top-seed Pete Sampras found when he faced qualifier Marcelo Rios of Chile on the Roland Garros centre-court for a place in the third round of the men's singles Wednesday. 
Steffi Graf forced the hand of Swiss coach Heinz Gunthardt and entered him to play mixed-doubles with her at the French Open Championships here on Wednesday.  "He doesn't know it yet -- but I have entered him to play with me. We have asked for a wild-card," she grinned. 
Development aid is suffering because rich countries are cutting back on public spending and diverting funds instead to emergency relief, according to an international report out this week.  In the report, entitled "the reality of aid 94", some 100 non- governmental organisations noted that most members of the Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) would be cutting back on aid to developing countries this year. 
Vietnam's industrial production increased by 12.1 percent in the first four months of this year compared with the figure for the same period in 1993, the government's statistics department announced on Wednesday.  The growth was most notable in the centralized state sector, which rose by 13.7 percent. Local state industries grew 10.5 percent and the private sector increased 9.7 percent, according to official statistics. 
The Greek government Wednesday announced a ban on private car traffic in Athens Thursday and ordered a 30-percent cut in industry fuel consumption as Athens choked in early summer heat and pollution.  Wednesday, 90 people were taken to hospital with breathing or heart troubles, emergency services said after the level of nitrogen dioxide (NO2) in the city's air rose to 490 milligrammes per cubic metre. 
The Vatican has acknowledged for the first time that the Catholic Church had a role in centuries of persecution of the Jews, including the World War II Holocaust, according to a document obtained here Wednesday.  In a draft document yet to be ratified by Pope John Paul II, the Vatican says: "A terrible mixture of religious, social, economical, political and racial hostility created the historical basis for the European Jews being driven on their deadly way toward the Shoah (Holocaust). 
The parents of toddler James Bulger, beaten to death by two schoolboys last year, Wednesday beseeched Home Secretary Michael Howard to keep their son's killers jailed for life.  Denise and Ralph Bulger arrived at the Home Office in central London with their five-month-old baby Michael, and bundles of petitions they said bore 282,000 signatures backing their plea. 
An Ivory Coast student jailed in March following a violent demonstration saw his term doubled from one year to two by an appeal court, judicial sources said Wednesday.  The court also upheld a ruling that Eugene Gonty, a second-year philosophy student, should pay damages of nine million CFA francs (15,500 dollars) to the vice-rector of Bouake University in the centre of the country. 
Turkey accused Greece Wednesday of training guerrilla units in the separatist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) to carry out attacks on economic, military and tourist targets.  Greek ambassador to Ankara Alexander Philon was summoned May 18 to the Turkish foreign ministry to be told of "confessions" made by a group of PKK members recently arrested by police in Istanbul, a Turkish government source told AFP. 
Doctors and relief workers in Kigali are toiling day and night against overwhelming odds to save the lives of children and women encamped in squalid settlements dotted around Rwanda's blood-drenched capital.  "There are four Red Cross doctors in Kigali and a Ghanaian army doctor with the UN who is performing 300 operations a day on the wounded," Roger Carter of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) said Wednesday. 
The Georgian government and several politicial parties Wednesday signed a peace pact here, promising an end to political violence, though several key opposition groups refused to sign.  The document was signed by President Edward Shevardnadze's Citizens' Union, the opposition National Democratic Party, the radical nationalist Popular Front and the Green Party. 
Two Israeli warplanes fired missiles at suspected guerrilla positions in south Lebanon, police said.  The fighter bombers fired a single missile each at the valley lying between the Kfar Rumman and Suweida, villages facing the central sector of Israel's "security zone", police said. 
The Italian clothing firm Benetton increased net profits by 12.6 percent in 1993 from the figure in 1992 to 208 billion lire (122.3 million dollars), the company said Wednesday.  The board recommended a dividend of 385 lire from 350 lire last year. 
Amnesty International Thursday called on Israel to release Mordechai Vanunu, the former nuclear technician jailed eight years ago for giving details of Israel's nuclear program to a British newspaper.  The London-based rights group said Israel, in punishing Vanunu, had gone "far beyond what is legitimate under international human rights law." 
A senior South African official is in Iran on the first such visit here since the 1979 Islamic revolution, the official Iranian news agency IRNA reported Wednesday.  Nico Nel, the director of the foreign ministry's Middle Eastern Bureau, met Wednesday with Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Mohammad Hashemi to discuss boosting ties. 
Fierce artillery battles shook Kigali on Wednesday as a special United Nations envoy crossed the front-lines for discussions with the rump government on the planned return of peacekeepers.  The envoy, Iqbal Riza of Pakistan, returned to Kigali after his talks with Rwanda's rump government in their refuge 40 kilometres (25 miles) outside the blood-sodden capital, a UN spokesman said. 
Wimbledon striker John Fashanu has escaped action over alleged "elbowing", for the second time in six months.  Relegated Oldham Athletic submitted a video to the Football Association of their 3-0 Premiership defeat at Selhurst Park last month, claiming a Fashanu challenge had left defender Richard Jobson with concussion. 
The United Nations Wednesday named Norwegian Terje Roed Larsen as special coordinator for the Israeli occupied territories.  UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said that Roed Larsen, 47, would take up the post on June 1. 
Nigel Mansell has pledged his immediate future to Indy-car racing, dashing speculation that he is about to return to the Williams-Renault Formula One team to replace the late Ayrton Senna.  The current Indy-car champion said: "There are no specific talks at the moment about me going back to Formula One. 
A former militant fascist who fought for Benito Mussolini's short- lived fascist rump state at the end of World War II was named Wednesday to head parliament's foreign affairs committee, officials said.  Mirko Tremaglia, 67, joined aged 17 the ranks of the Nazi-backed northern Italian Social Republic formed by Mussolini at Salo in 1943. 
The minority cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata could resign in June if the Social Democratic Party (SDP) rejoins the ruling coalition, a ruling party leader said Wednesday.  The coalition and the SDP "could form a new cabinet at the end of the current parliament session," which ends on June 29, Kozo Watanabe, deputy leader of the Renewal Party, said in a speech. 
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip will face "starvation" if they are not allowed to return to work in Israel by the end of the week, a Palestinian official warned Wednesday.  "If in the next 72 hours our merchants and workers are not given permission to cross into Israel, there will be starvation," Freih Abu Middein, who is member of the Palestinian self-rule authority, told AFP. 
A US envoy met Cambodian Defence Minister Tea Banh here Wednesday to discuss the government's battle with the Khmer Rouge.  The Cambodian minister told AFP that deputy assistant secretary of defence Kent Weidemann was "to study the potential and effectiveness of Royal Government troops in fighting Khmer Rouge guerrillas." 
Leading brain specialists have signed up to help improve safety for fighters in Britain in the aftermath of the death of boxer Bradley Stone.  A working party of neurologists and neuro-surgeons will study the whole question of head injuries in the ring under the chairmanship of consultant Mr Peter Richards from Charing Cross Hospital, London. 
South Africa on Wednesday officially became the 53rd member of the Organisation of African Unity, the latest sign of the country's return to the international fold.  South Africa's new Foreign Minister Alfred Nzo, named after last month's elections, attended the ceremony at OAU headquarters in the Ethiopian capital. 
North Korea has allowed international inspectors to take samples of nuclear material from a reprocessing facility suspected of helping produce nuclear weapons, officials at the International Atomic Energecy Agency (IAEA) said Wednesday.  The officials said the samples should allow the IAEA to determine whether plutonium has been manufactured or diverted from a nuclear reactor at the facility in Yongbyon, 90 kilometres (55 miles) north of the North Korean capital Pyongyang, possibly for use in making nuclear bombs. 
Deputy President Frederik de Klerk Wednesday welcomed blacks taking seats in parliament, saying South Africa's post-apartheid legislature was complete.  Opening debate on President Nelson Mandela's state of the nation address, De Klerk welcomed the MPs and the "millions of South Africans" who for the first time in the country's history were represented in parliament. 
The Sudanese army Wednesday recaptured the town of Pageri on the road between Juba and Nimule, a stronghold of the rebel Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) on the Ugandan border, radio reports said.  The army liberated Pageri as people were celebrating the Bairam feast, the national radio of Omdurman quoted a statement by the armed forces general command as saying. 
A jolted lover was sentenced here Wednesday to 10 years imprisonment and psychiatric observation for injecting his former girlfriend with AIDS-infected blood.  Iwan Elias, a 39-year-old Dutch national born in Surinam, was found guilty of willfully stabbing his former lover, a mother of two, with a seringue containing blood he had obtained shortly before from a simple-minded friend suffering from the deadly Acquired Immune- deficiency Syndrome. 
The Budapest World Expo 1996, planned by Hungary's outgoing conservative government, could be scaled down or even cancelled altogether by the new majority expected to take power after Sunday's elections, party sources said Wednesday.  The government applied to the Paris-based International Bureau of Expositions (BIE) in 1990 to hold a World Expo jointly with Vienna in 1996. 
The SAS airline Wednesday reported a huge drop in quarterly losses and said it had abandoned any ideas of merging with another company.  The airline had reduced pre-tax losses for the first quarter to 101 million kronor (13 million dollars) from 1.534 billion kronor in the first quarter of last year, the company said. 
A former militant fascist who fought for Benito Mussolini's short- lived fascist rump state at the end of World War II was named Wednesday to head Italy's parliamentary foreign affairs committee, officials said.  Mirko Tremaglia, 67, joined aged 17 the ranks of the Nazi-backed northern Italian Social Republic republic formed by the fascist dictator at Salo. 
UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said Wednesday that he would request a second term in the position at the end of 1996 if he is healthy.  "The question will be raised in 1996 and it will depend on my own physical capacities," Boutros-Ghali, 71, said. 
Polish President Lech Walesa arrived Wednesday in Switzerland for a three-day visit designed primarily to cement economic links.  The Polish leader, accompanied by his wife Danuta, was met at Zurich airport by Swiss counterpart Otto Stich and his Foreign Minister Flavio Cotti. 
Russian Evgeni Berzin snatched the lead of the Tour of Italy here on Wednesday as teammate and former leader Moreno Argentin was hit by disaster.  The 23-year-old Russian, whose win of this season's Liege-Bastogne- Liege classic was set up by Argentin, escaped on the final Campitello Matese climb to win the fourth stage. 
Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn's first stop on his return from exile was most often the end of the road for those banished to Soviet prison camps -- a past not easy for the city to shake.  Magadan, now trying to carve its future as a Siberian gateway to trade with Alaska and Japan, still remains better known as the capital of the dreaded Gulag -- Glavnoye Upravleniye Lagerei -- the general administration of Soviet prison camps. 
Steffi Graf and Pete Sampras didn't play their best tennis but they still won their second-round matches without dropping a set as the French Open Tennis Championships held their annual "Children's Day' on Wednesday.  Sampras, 22 and bidding for a mid-season 'Grand Slam' after his triumphs at last year's Wimbledon and United States Open and this year's Australian Open, was forced to shift up a gear when he faced world junior champion Marcelo Rios of Chile. 
South Africa became the 53rd member of the Organisation of African Unity Wednesday in the latest sign of its return to the international fold.  The new South African foreign minister, Alfred Nzo, attended the ceremony at the organisation's headquarters here in the Ethiopian capital along with OAU Secretary General Salim Ahmed Salim, Congolese President Pascal Lissouba and Ethiopian Foreign Minister Seyoum Mesfin. 
A jilted lover was sentenced here Wednesday to 10 years in prison and psychiatric observation for injecting his former girlfriend with HIV- infected blood.  Iwan Elias, a 39-year-old Dutch national born in Suriname, was found guilty of stabbing his former lover, a mother of two, with a syringe containing blood he had obtained shortly before from a simple-minded friend suffering from Acquired Immune-deficiency Syndrome. 
Russian writer and dissident Alexander Solzhenitsyn left his isolated New England refuge Wednesday to return to Russia, 20 years after the old Soviet government ordered him into exile, according to an AFP reporter.  The 75-year-old Nobel laureate and his wife Natalia will fly to the former Soviet Union via Anchorage, Alaska and enter eastern Russia first. They are not expected in the Pacific Russian port of Vladivostok until Friday. 
President Bill Clinton said Wednesday that the US military must be preserved from further cuts to protect the country's vital interests and superpower status.  "We have been able to afford a right-sized military at lower cost but this year we must continue to fight any deeper cuts to defense," he told graduating midshipmen at the Annapolis, Maryland, naval academy. 
President Francois Mitterrand on Wednesday insisted he was opposed to lifting the arms embargo on ex-Yugoslavia, as French pressure groups backing the Sarajevo government lobbied for an end to the sanctions.  Mitterrand, who spoke at a cabinet meeting, warned that proposals to exempt the Moslem-led government from the embargo could trigger an escalation of the Bosnian conflict that could "go well beyond the Balkans," his spokesman Jean Musitelli said. 
The Roman Catholic Church was partly responsible for centuries of persecution of the Jews leading to the Holocaust, the Vatican acknowledged for the first time in a draft document released on Wednesday.  "A terrible mixture of religious, social, economical, political and racial hostility created the historical basis for the European Jews being driven on their deadly way toward the Shoah (Holocaust)," it said. 
Russian writer and dissident Alexander Solzhenitsyn left his isolated New England refuge Wednesday to return to Russia, 20 years after being ordered into exile.  The 75-year-old Nobel laureate and his wife Natalia will fly to the former Soviet Union via Anchorage, Alaska and enter eastern Russia first. They are not expected in the Russia's Pacific port of Vladivostok until Friday. 
Richard Gephardt, the Democratic majority leader in the House of Representatives, gave the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) a boost Wednesday by announcing he would back it.  "We're here today to show our support for GATT," he told a press conference. 
Italian Andrea Montermini signed for Formula One team Simtek Ford on Wednesday as a replacement for Roland Ratzenberger, who died in a crash at Imola at the end April.  Montermini, 29, will team up with David Brabham for the Grand Prix races in Spain this weekend and Canada on June 12. 
Share prices in Europe fell sharply on Wednesday because of deepening concern that the run of rate cuts might be coming to an end.  Shares in EuroDisney were particularly hard hit by a gloomy trading outlook and plunged by 14.4 percent in Paris. 
Will Carling's England rugby union side won their first match on South African soil here Wednesday, beating Western Transvaal 26-24 in their third tour match.  England flyhalf Stuart Barnes contributed 16 points with four penalties and two conversions, while left wing Tony Underwood scored both their tries. 
President Bill Clinton reiterated US commitment to helping enforce an eventual peace settlement in Bosnia on Wednesday.  Clinton defended his policy in the former Yugoslavia and promised the United States would play its part in policing an eventual peace accord between the warring factions. 
Prices on the London Metals Exchange (LME) suffered some correction in volatile trading on Wednesday after rising to record highs on Tuesday on further downdraws in copper stocks, dealers said.  The market remained very nervous about the possibility of a major technical correction following recent strong gains, traders said. 
Britain was in a frenzy Wednesday over a flesh-eating mutant bacterium blamed for as many as 12 deaths this year, but reports from Europe and elsewhere indicated the bug had been around for years without causing panic.  The object of attention was a strain of the garden-variety streptococcus-A bacterium that causes sore throats, but which, altered by a virus, releases toxins that attack tissue with a virulent gangrene-like infection. 
Russian writer and dissident Alexander Solzhenitsyn left his isolated New England refuge Wednesday to return to Russia, 20 years after being ordered into exile.  The 75-year-old Nobel laureate and his wife Natalia, her mother and the couple's son Ignat will fly to the former Soviet Union via Anchorage, Alaska and enter eastern Russia first. They are not expected in the Russia's Pacific port of Vladivostok until Friday. 
The UN Human Rights Commission prepared Wednesday to send a team to Rwanda to investigate an ethnic bloodbath and recommend measures to end it, but some African nations opposed mentioning genocide in a final communique.  Delegates were closing a two-day emergency session called to consider a report by UN Human Rights Commissioner Jose Ayala Lasso, who demanded urgent action following a visit to Rwanda. 
Defending men's champion Sergi Bruguera of Spain reached the third round at the French Open Tennis Championships here on Wednesday when he defeated Norwegian qualifier Christian Ruud in straight-sets.  The Spanish sixth-seed scored a 6-2, 6-2, 7-6 (7/2) victory and now plays either French-based Haitian Ronald Agenor or David Prinosil of Germany for a place in the last-sixteen. 
The dollar fell in Europe on Wednesday in response to disappointing figures on the US economy and despite a boost from news that US-Japan trade talks will resume.  The dollar, which had risen early in the day to 1.6565 marks, fell later on publication of figures showing that orders for durable goods in the United States had risen by 0.1 percent in April instead of by one percent as had been expected. It closed here at 1.6400 marks. 
Russia is heading for massive participation in an east-west programme of military partnership even though it has been refused formal political links with NATO, diplomats said here Wednesday.  They were speaking after a meeting of defence ministers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation with their counterparts from the countries of the former Soviet bloc plus Finland, Sweden and Slovenia. 
Sweden's Magnus Gustafsson, who had been expected to play fourth-seed Andrei Medvedev of the Ukraine in the fourth round of the men's singles at the French Open Tennis Championships, was beaten in the second by Daniel Vacek of the Czech Republic here on Wednesday.  Vacek recovered after a disastrous first set to score a 0-6, 6-4, 7-6 (7/4), 6-4 win. 
Russian media organisations protested en masse Wednesday against the Ukrainian authorities' withdrawal a day earlier of accreditations from three of their colleagues.  In a statement published through the ITAR-TASS agency, signatories from leading print and broadcast media organisations accused Kiev of "riding roughshod over press freedoms." 
US troops were exposed to Iraqi chemical and possibly biological agents during the Gulf war leaving tens of thousands of veterans with debilitating illnesses, a congressional study released Thursday concluded.  Senator Donald Riegle, who released the study, sharply criticises the Pentagon for foot-dragging and suggested it was withholding information on exposure of US forces to biological material. 
Austrian baseliner Thomas Muster put Andre Agassi out of the 1974 French Open Tennis Championships at the Roland Garros Stadium on Wednesday after a gruelling five-set second-round marathon.  Muster, seeded eleventh, beat the twice-finalist 6-3, 6-7 (5/7), 7-5, 2-6, 7-5 and now plays either Patrick Rafter of Australia or Lionel Roux of France for a place in the last-sixteen. 
Russian-Ukrainian talks on the sharing out of the Black Sea fleet deadlocked Wednesday, with discussions to continue among a group of experts, officials said.  Ukrainian Deputy Premier Valeri Shmarov told reporters after three days of talks that "there are a just a few details left to work out on the basis of what has already been agreed, and the specialists asked for 12 days to resolve them." He did not elaborate. 
The European Union Wednesday issued a statement expressing full support for the territorial integrity of Ukraine, five days after the Crimean parliament adopted a separatist constitution.  In the statement, the EU "expresses its grave concern at the recent developments in the Crimean region of Ukraine." 
The first former Socialist party minister to be tried for corruption denied Wednesday accepting kickbacks prior to Italy's April 1992 elections, judicial officials said.  Appearing in court for the first time, ex-foreign minister Gianni De Michelis denied charges that he had accepted around 70 million lire (42,000 dollars) in cash from businessman Giuseppe Pisante, an administrator for the Acqua group. 
Leading mafia turncoat Salvatore Cancemi was sentenced Wednesday to six-and-a-half years in prison for complicity in the murder of an Italian Euro-deputy, judicial officials said.  The public prosecutor had called for a sentence of five-and-a-half years in view of Cancemi's "immense contribution" to anti-mafia probes, notably inquiries into the assassination of high-profile anti- mafia judge Giovanni Falcone. 
Engineers of state-run Indian Airlines called off a crippling 10-day protest Wednesday after management hiked their wages by 45 percent, officials said.  The All India Aircraft Engineers Association signed an agreement after 18 hours of talks spread over three days. The deal will cost the airline some 900,000 dollars annually, the officials said. 
An expert commission from 31 countries Wednesday began examining a 532 -million-dollar reconstruction plan aimed at rebuilding the shattered Bosnian capital of Sarajevo.  United Nations special coordinator William Eagleton unveiled the two- phase programme Tuesday in Vienna, detailing what provision should be made to rebuild the drinking water and public transport networks, restore electricity and gas supplies and rebuild hospitals and schools. 
Benetton boss Flavio Briatore launched a stunning attack on Formula One boss Max Moseley on Wednesday, arguing his proposed new safety measures would make the sport even more dangerous.  Briatore accused Moseley, president of the sport's governing body International Automobile Federation (FIA), of failing to understand basic safety principles and refusing to listen to advice. 
Benetton boss Flavio Briatore launched a stunning attack on Formula One boss Max Mosley on Wednesday, arguing his proposed new safety measures would make the sport even more dangerous.  Briatore accused Mosley, president of the sport's governing body International Automobile Federation (FIA), of failing to understand basic safety principles and refusing to listen to advice. 
Andre Agassi was docked a penalty point for shouting obscenties on his way to a five-set defeat by Austria's Thomas Muster at the French Open on Tuesday.  Muster, the 11th seed, finally overcame the two-times finalist 6-3, 6-7 (5/7), 7-5, 2-6, 7-5 after 3h 43min in the most dramatic encounter yet at this year's tournament. 
The European Union's administrator for Mostar, the southern Bosnian city divided between Moslems and Croats, began a two-day visit there Wednesday.  German politician Hans Koschnik made a tour of the Moslem eastern half of Mostar where he met local leaders and assessed the scale of damage caused by ten months of bombardments by Croat forces. 
English football's infamous hardman Vinnie Jones played the court jester for an afternoon on Wednesday.  Wearing a multi-coloured striped shirt over a white T-shirt, blue jeans and with an ear stud, the Wimbledon midfield player cut an incongruous figure in the High Court, where he had been summoned to give evidence in a case involving his former team mate, Paul Elliott. 
Hundreds of mourners joined in the funeral here Wednesday for the victims of Monday's missile attack, as diplomatic efforts intensified to end the three-week civil war in Yemen.  Crowds lined the streets of the capital as nine bodies in white shrouds were carried on stretchers from the central mosque to the At- Tahrir (Freedom) cemetery. "Death to Ali Salem al-Baid," many chanted. 
Secretary of State Warren Christopher and his Israeli counterpart Shimon Peres on Wednesday urged Palestine Liberation Organization chief Yasser Arafat to reaffirm support for the Mideast peace process.  The demand was sparked by Arafat's call in Johannesburg for a holy war to liberate Jerusalem. He later said he had used the word "jihad" in its religious -- not political -- sense. 
English Premiership club Chelsea paid a club record 2.3 million pounds on Wednesday for Watford striker Paul Furlong.  Furlong, 25, who has also played for Coventry City, will compete with John Spencer, Mark Stein and Neil Shipperley for a place in the Stamford Bridge line-up. 
Russian-Ukrainian talks on dividing up the Black Sea fleet deadlocked Wednesday, with discussions to continue among a group of experts, officials said.  Ukrainian Deputy Premier Valeri Shmarov told reporters after three days of talks that "there are a just a few details left to work out on the basis of what has already been agreed, and the specialists asked for 12 days to resolve them." 
Russian mafia organizations already deal in low-grade nuclear materials and may be poised to get their hands on nuclear arms and weapons-grade nuclear materials, the FBI director said Wednesday.  The gangs, which have grown rapidly since the breakup of the Soviet Union, "may already have the capability to steal nuclear weapons, nuclear weapons components or weapons-grade nuclear materials," FBI Director Louis Freeh said. 
Republicans are crowing over their win of a congressional seat held for more than a century by the Democrats, touting it as a victory over President Bill Clinton and a promise of things to come.  "Ron Lewis' election rings a fire alarm at the White House," Haley Barbour, head of the Republican Congressional Committee, said Wednesday. 
Estonia Wednesday deplored Russia's slowness at pulling out its troops from the newly independent Baltic nation and rejected Russian accusations of passing laws discriminating against ethnic Russians.  Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev meanwhile told a meeting of Russian-speakers here that Russia "could use stronger political and economic means" to support their rights. 
Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds flew to London Wednesday for talks with his British counterpart John Major on setting up new multi- party talks on Northern Ireland, a government spokesman said here.  The informal meeting Thursday will allow the two leaders to assess the progress in their respective governments' efforts to produce a document setting out the main lines for possible multi-party talks on Northern Ireland, the spokesman said. 
Close of play score on second day of New Zealand three-day tour match at Headingley on Wednesday:  Yorkshire first innings: 408-5 declared (R J Blakey 84 not out, D Byas 68, R B Richardson 63, C White 59) 
For the first time an official Palestinian delegation is to fly with the Israeli national carrier El Al to attend an international conference in Morocco, former Belgian European Affairs Minister Anne- Marie Lizin said Wednesday.  The delegation of women from the occupied territories are to attend the "summit of women of the Mediterranean and Europe" to be held in Marrakesh from May 27 to 29, Lizin, one of the organisers, said here. 
Results in Wednesday's Benson and Hedges Cup matches:  Birmingham: Warwickshire beat Kent 5-4 on bowl-out 
Norman Schwartzkopf, the retired general who commanded US forces in the Gulf War, had prostate cancer surgery Wednesday in a Washington hospital.  "All indications are that the cancer was discovered in its early stages and the prospects are for a full recovery," said a statement from the Walter Reed Army Medical Center. 
The Yemeni ambassador here locked himself inside his embassy and shut out staff after he was recalled to Sanaa for supporting southern forces in the country's civil war, a diplomat said.  Ambassador Abdel Galil Ghailan "refused to go back and retaliated by shutting out all the staff and asking Egyptian security forces to protect him," Mohammad Qaed, a northerner, said. 
Moslem-Croat Federation delegates to all-party Bosnia peace talks have agreed to negotiate dividing up the republic on the basis of percentages set by their hosts, a Croat source said Wednesday.  Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic, Vice President Ejup Ganic, and Bosnian Croat leader Kresimir Zubak agreed to base further discussions on the 51 percent of territory earmarked for their federation by the international contact group hosting the talks, said the source. 
Moroccan police have seized weapons, including 13 machine guns and ammunition, destined for Algerian fundamentalists, judicial officials said Wednesday.  Six Moroccans and two Algerians involved in the trafficking were arrested on May 17, sources added. 
Andre Agassi faces a hefty fine after leaving a stream of obscenities trailing in his wake as he crashed out of the French Open on Tuesday.  The American, who had earlier been given a warning for verbal abuse of umpire Bruno Rebeuh, was docked a penalty point at a crucial stage in the fifth set of a dramatic defeat by Austria's Thomas Muster. 
New Zealand were forced to follow on by Yorkshire on Wednesday as all- rounder Craig White pressed his case to torment the Kiwis all over again in next week's first Test.  The tourists require another 137 to make Yorkshire bat again with one day to go, and desperately need a morale boost before they face England once more. 
Israel on Wednesday ended a 24-hour closure of Jericho as the autonomous Palestinian area's police chief said he had instructed his men not to detain armed Jewish settlers.  The Israeli army closed Jericho on Tuesday after Palestinian police stopped three armed Jewish settlers, took away their arms and held them briefly before calling in a joint Israeli-Palestinian force and returning their weapons. 
Morocco's King Hassan II Wednesday named Abdellatif Filali as the new Moroccan prime minister to replace Mohamed Karim Lamrani, a statement from the ministry of information said.  Filali, who was previously the minister of state for foreign affairs and cooperation, will put forward a list of members of his government "in accordance with the constitution," the statement said. 
US troops were exposed to Iraqi chemical and possibly biological agents during the Gulf war, afflicting tens of thousands of veterans with a mysterious ailment, a congressional study released Thursday concluded.  Senior Pentagon officials said, however, there was no evidence that US troops were exposed to Iraqi chemical attacks and discounted the possibility of exposure from fallout from allied bombings of Iraqi chemical or biological weapon sites. 
President Boris Yeltsin on Wednesday approved an anti-crime plan targetting organized gangs, white-collar crime and corruption, news agencies reported.  The two-year initiative was prepared by the Russian Security Council with help from ministries involved in law enforcement, they said. 
Rising tennis star Andrei Medvedev, asked why he no longer smiled so much on court or cracked jokes in public, blamed the world's press.  The 19-year-old Ukranian, a main title favourite at this year's French Open Tennis Championships, claimed here Wednesday that the international press were not doing their job. 
The trial of seven Palestinians implicated in the murder of a Jordanian diplomat opened here Wednesday in the Lebanese capital.  The members of Abu Nidal's Fatah-Revolutionary Council are charged in the killing of the first counsellor at the Jordanian embassy, Naeb Omran al-Maaitah, who was shot dead outside his home here in January. 
The UN secretary general, Boutros Boutros-Ghali blamed the international community for allowing the slaughter in Rwanda, which he called genocide.  He said he still hoped that 5,500 UN troops would be able to land in the east African country. 
The Test and County Cricket Board was at the centre of a fierce protest on Wednesday as Kent were eliminated from the Benson and Hedges Cup in an indoor 'stump shoot-out'.  Kent have lodged a complaint with the TCCB over the two-day wash-out of their quarter-final with Warwickshire at Birmingham. 
Three men were charged Wednesday in separate attacks on tourists in Florida and California, the latest incidents in a growing trend of violence against visitors to the United States.  Two 19-year-olds, You Yang and Kham Ktsouvannasane, were booked for investigation in the shooting of a German couple who were strolling in the California mountains on May 16. 
Morocco's King Hassan II on Wednesday named Abdellatif Filali as the new Moroccan prime minister to replace Mohamed Karim Lamrani, a statement from the ministry of information said.  Filali, who was the minister of state for foreign affairs and cooperation since 1985, will put forward a list of members of his government "in accordance with the constitution," the statement said. 
More than half the residents of central eastern Europe are satisfied with the democracies operating in their countries, a survey published here Wednesday showed.  On average, 59 percent of citizens of Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Rumania, Slovakia and Slovenia are happy with the democratic systems under which they live, the survey found. 
Benfica clinched the Portuguese title here on Wednesday with a 3-0 away win at Gil Vicente.  Joao Pinto opened the scoring as early as the third minute to set up the win and added another after 74 minutes to go before Russian Vassili Kulkov made sure with four minutes to go. 
Crimean President Yuri Meshkov on Wednesday welcomed as "encouraging" a compromise on the autonomous republic's future reached a day earlier in Kiev by Ukrainian and Crimean negotiators.  A crisis blew up in Crimea Friday after the republic's Simferopol parliament voted Friday to adopt a 1992 constitution seen in Kiev as tantamount to a declaration of independence. 
Black faces in the government seats, a speech in Zulu and constant bursts of applause Wednesday ensured that South Africa's new all-race parliament will be a less sombre institution than its white-dominated predecessor.  On only their second day as MPs, and the former guerrillas and political prisoners making up the bulk of the African National Congress representation in the 400-seat National Assembly already put a livelier stamp on proceedings. 
Raw oysters could be lethal to those with certain ailments, a consumer group warned Wednesday ahead of the holiday weekend when tourist will be flocking to the beach and the popular "raw bars."  People with AIDS, alcoholism, cancer or other diseases which weaken the immune system are vulnerable to the deadly the vibrio vulnificus bacteria oysters can carry, according to Public Voice. 
Unions representing thousands of BBC technicians and journalists decided Wednesday to call off a series of 24-hour strikes over pay and hours, officials said.  Union officials agreed to meet BBC managers Thursday. 
Bosnian Serb forces Wednesday carried out intensive bombardments of Bihac, a Moslem pocket in northwest Bosnia-Hercegovina, UN Protection Force spokesman Major Rob Annink said here.  The bombing of Bihac and Cazin, further north, killed one person and wounded several others, Radio Sarajevo said. 
Norman Schwarzkopf, the retired general who commanded US forces in the Gulf War, had prostate cancer surgery Wednesday in a Washington hospital.  "All indications are that the cancer was discovered in its early stages and the prospects are for a full recovery," said a statement from the Walter Reed Army Medical Center. 
Italian Andrea Montermini signed for Formula One team Simtek Ford on Wednesday as a replacement for Roland Ratzenberger, who died in a crash at Imola at the end April.  Montermini, 29, will team up with David Brabham for the Grand Prix races in Spain this weekend and Canada on June 12. 
Maxi Merit Cup headed the Whitbread around-the-world fleet out of the Gulf Stream as it built on its sixth-leg lead on Wednesday.  The Swiss entry, skippered by Pierre Fehlmann, carved out a 151 nautical mile lead over arch-rival New Zealand Endeavour by 15.20 GMT, threatening the Kiwi yacht's overall lead of 18 hours in the maxi class. 
Forget Fittipaldi, Mansell, Unser and Andretti.  Racers, mechanics and fans agree the name that matters most in Sunday's Indianapolis 500 is Mercedes-Benz. 
President Nelson Mandela said Wednesday he would meet on Monday with neo-Nazi leader Eugene Terre'Blanche as part of an initiative designed to draw the white right-wing into peaceful negotiations.  The meeting will be a first between the two men, with Terre'Blanche, leader of the extremist Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB), having in the past vowed never to sit down with Mandela or the "terrorists" and "communists" he claims make up Mandela's African National Congress (ANC). 
Scotland were held to a 24-24 draw by regional champions Buenos Aires here on Wednesday. 
A huge black hole was discovered in a galaxy 50 million light years from Earth, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) announced Wednesday.  The hard evidence of the black hole in the giant elliptical galaxy M87 supports the existence of the collapsed stars which were predicted 80 years ago by Albert Einstein's theory of relativity, a NASA statement said. 
The prime minister and opposition leader in Lesotho met here on Wednesday to defuse a law and order crisis caused by a 17-day-old strike by police.  Representatives of the striking policemen also attended the meeting. 
Two southern Yemeni leaders said Wednesday they were ready to begin peace negotiations with the north if it first agreed to stop fighting and withdraw from some areas.  "The solution to the current crisis can only be obtained after a definitive stop to the war and the withdrawal of all forces to their positions before May 22, 1990," the leaders said in a statement. 
The 10-member Southern African Development Community (SADC) is to invite South Africa to join the economic grouping, it was announced here Wednesday.  SADC executive secretary Kaire Mbuende told journalists that he would deliver a letter to President Nelson Mandela this week inviting South Africa to apply to become SADC's eleventh member. 
Easing interest rates sparked a late rally Wednesday on Wall Street that lifted blue-chip stocks out of an early slump.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials, which was off as much as 19 points in early trading, ended with a gain of 10.13 points to close at 3,755.30. 
President Bill Clinton said Wednesday he strongly opposed the US going it alone and ending the arms embargo in the former Yugoslavia without backing from the European allies.  Clinton has long supported lifting the UN-imposed arms embargo to help the outgunned Bosnian Moslem forces even the balance in the Balkans war. 
For the first time an official Palestinian delegation is to fly with the Israeli El Al company to attend an international conference in Morocco, former Belgian european affairs minister Anne-Marie Lizin said Wednesday.  The delegation of women from the occupied territories will attend the "summit of women of the Mediterranean and Europe" to be held in Marrakesh from May 27 to 29, Lizin, one of the organisers, said here. 
The top opposition candidate in the Dominican Republic's allegedly fraud-marred presidential vote pledged Wednesday to take his fight to the United Nations and Organization of American States.  No winner has been announced in the May 16 vote, which Jose Francisco Pena Gomez, 57, says were rigged to keep him from becoming the country's first black president this century. 
The dollar edged lower Wednesday against other major currencies in trading analysts said was dominated by technical considerations.  The price of gold fell 50 cents from Tuesday to close at 386.60 dollars per ounce. 
The United States has been in contact with Yemen's warring factions and their Arab neighbors in the hopes of resolving the conflict peacefully, the State Department said Wednesday.  "We continue to be in contact with the northern and southern leaders urging an immediate cessation of hostilities and a resumption of political dialogue," said spokesman Michael McCurry. 
US ambassador to Haiti William Swing travelled to the Haitian- Dominican border Wednesday to get a glimpse of reported gaps in the UN trade embargo on Haiti.  "I wanted to see first-hand what the traffic on the border looks like, and to symbolize our resolve to tighten the enforcement of the UN sanctions against Haiti," Swing said. 
Karen Ann Quinlan, who lived 10 years in a vegetative state, suffered damage to a portion of the brain believed to be critical to thought and awareness, scientists said.  A report prepared for publication Thursday in the New England Journal of Medicine said the woman whose case helped launch the right-to-die movement had the most brain damage in the thalmus, two egg-shaped structures deep inside the brain. 
James Earl Ray was denied parole Wednesday in his first hearing since he was jailed for assassinating Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968.  A panel of three judges dismissed Ray's claim that he was not the one who shot the civil rights leader at a Memphis hotel, but said they might favor his release in 1999 when his next parole hearing is due. 
A plaque honoring the 1,012 people who died in the 1914 sinking of the Empress of Ireland, Canada's worst maritime disaster, will be unveiled Sunday.  The plaque is to be placed on the wreckage of the ocean liner, which lies in 50 meters (160 feet) of water in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, on the 80th anniversary of the disaster, according to officials at the Maritime Museum at Point-au-Pere, Quebec. 
Five countries proposed a compromise whale sanctuary Wednesday that they believe could settle the whale protection dispute between Japan and a coalition of 10 countries led by France.  Delegates from Chile, Mexico, Switzerland, Sweden and Monaco floated the idea of a smaller sanctuary than the one being sought by France and its allies. 
Plenty of people have died behind a car's steering wheel in the United States, but few have been buried behind it like George Swanson was Wednesday.  After protracted discussions with cemetery officials, Swanson finally got his burial wish when workers lowered his Corvette sports car into its grave with Swanson's ashes resting in the driver's seat. 
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said Wednesday he was ready to mediate in the kidnapping by Israel of a Lebanese fundamentalist guerrilla chief.  An airborne Israeli commando unit snatched Mustafa Dirani from his home on Saturday to question him about missing airman Ron Arad, whose plane was shot down over south Lebanon in 1986 during an Israeli bombing raid. 
French Defence Minister Francois Leotard accused President Francois Mitterrand Wednesday of being unpatriotic in refusing to allow nuclear weapons tests in line with a moratorium by most nuclear powers.  "The French executive must in the months to come have the courage to decide on the resumption of nuclear tests with regard to the interests of the country alone, and no other consideration," he told the national assembly. 
With three of the nine days play now completed here Thursday in the Far East Bridge Federation championship, all three international events are starting to sort themselves out into a reasonably predictable order.  In the open event the very strong Chinese Taipei team and the defending champions Indonesia have opened a small gap on the rest of the 11-country field. 
A burglar alarm screeching for five days at the home of a vacationing suburban Baltimore man has broken no laws and cannot be shut off despite complaints from weary neighbors, police said.  "I would like to break in the door and pull that alarm out myself," said Joan Sheppard, a neighbor who said she has been unable to sleep since Saturday. 
Two leaders of the south Yemen separatist state said Wednesday they were ready to enter into peace talks provided northern forces halted their offensive and withdrew behind the pre-unification frontier.  But in Sanaa, President Ali Abdallah Saleh said the war that broke out on May 5 between the forces of the former Marxist south and the conservative north would continue until the "separatist gang" was wiped out. 
The International Monetary Fund said Wednesday it had awarded a loan of 181 million dollars to Jordan to assist its program of structural economic reform begun in 1990.  The IMF said the loan is aimed at helping the program, which was intensified in 1992, to reduce Jordan's balance of payments and its budget deficit. 
President Bill Clinton's bid to win congressional ratification of a global free trade agreement got a boost Wednesday as the pact was endorsed by a key Democrat in the House of Representatives.  The endorsement from majority leader Richard Gephardt is seen as a key to approval of the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), which reduces duties on a wide range of goods among more than 100 countries. 
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) confirmed Wednesday that no plutonium was missing from a Japanese factory processing nuclear fuel.  Some 70 kilograms (154 pounds) of plutonium, enough to make nine nuclear bombs, had in fact accumulated as "hold-up" in dust form on exposed surfaces of processing areas, the IAEA said in a statement. 
The 15-member Security Council voted unanimously Wednesday to put an immediate end to the 17-year-old mandatory UN arms embargo on South Africa.  The council also voted to dissolve a council security committee created in 1977 to handle the South African issue, which played a key role in the anti-apartheid movement at the United Nations in the 1970's and 1980's. 
The dollar opened lower in Tokyo at 104.38 yen Thursday, down from the previous day's finish of 104.72 yen.  The opening rate compared with New York's late Wednesday quote of 104.37 yen. 
A British Airways Boeing 747 flight from London landed safely at Narita airport Thursday after its captain died of a heart attack in flight, press reports said.  The co-pilot took over the controls of the jumbo jet, which was carrying 312 passengers, the reports said. 
President Bill Clinton will renew China's trade privileges but also likely impose limited sanctions for Beijing's human rights abuses, informed sources here said Wednesday.  They said the sanctions could involve a ban on imports of weapons and ammunition made by the Chinese military. Washington might also establish a US commission to monitor China's progress on human rights. 
The 15-member Security Council voted unanimously Wednesday to end a 17 -year-old UN arms embargo on South Africa.  The council also voted to dissolve a security committee created in 1977 to monitor affairs in South Africa. The committee played a key role in the anti-apartheid movement at the United Nations in the 1970s and 1980s. 
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali lamented the failure of the United Nations and the international community to prevent what he called genocidal slaughter in Rwanda, here on Wednesday.  "Unfortunately, with great humility, I failed. It is a scandal," he told a news conference at UN headquarters. 
Former Italian prime minister Bettino Craxi Wednesday branded charges of corruption against him as baseless, fantastic or absurd, adding that the pressure was worsening his health problems.  Craxi's first press statement since arriving in Tunisia at the beginning of last week followed an announcement in Milan Tuesday that he would stand trial on July 5 in connection with the so-called Enimont scandal. 
Colombians go to the polls Sunday to pick a new president, and the neck-and-neck, Liberal-Conservative race may send voting into a second round for the first time in the country's history.  Some 17 million voters are registered to choose a successor to Liberal President Cesar Gaviria. 
A 19-member new government for Togo was announced Wednesday, in which presidential supporters will hold most key posts.  Prime Minister Edem Kodjo, who was elected on an opposition ticket, chose 18 ministers and one secretary of state (junior minister), a presidential decree announced. 
Following is the list of the new Togo government formed Wednesday:  President:                               Gnassingbe Eyadema 
The Press Complaints Commission (PCC) Wednesday upheld a complaint on behalf of Prince Edward over pictures of him kissing his girlfriend Sophie Rhys-Jones, which were published by five British newspapers.  The pictures, taken with a long lens without the couple's permission while they were on the Queen's estate at Balmoral, Scotland, were published in the Daily Express, the Daily Star, the Daily Mirror, The Sun and the Today newspaper on May 3. 
Eurotunnel is planning to launch its 850 million pounds (1,275 million dollar) rights issue Thursday at a big discount, reflecting uncertainties over future revenues of the Channel tunnel operator, said the Financial Times.  The rights issue price is expected to be about 260 pence for each Eurotunnel unit, which would be 27 percent below Wednesday's 355 pence closing market price in London, said the paper. 
The Conservatives could be left with a derisory six seats in the European parliament following the June 9 elections, according to the latest Guardian/ICM poll published Thursday.  The opposition Labour party on 47 percent stands 21 points ahead of the ruling Conservatives on 26 percent, while the Liberal Democrats, currently Britain's third party, stand on 23 percent. 
Trading in the shares of the US food and tobacco giant Philip Morris was suspended on the foreign section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) Thursday.  TSE officials said the move followed a similar action taken by the New York Stock Exchange overnight on reports that Philip Morris planned to separate its food and tobacco businesses. 
Bernard Tapie brushed off Wednesday a new bid by French justice to strip him of his parliamentary immunity and vowed not to be deterred from his campaign for a seat in the European parliament.  The self-made millionaire and owner of the Olympic Marseille football club, told journalists he would make no further comment on his long- running financial and judicial woes until after the European elections on June 12. 
The Prince of Wales visits Berlin Friday for two engagements underlining the changes that have taken place in Europe and the world since the fall of the famous Wall in 1989.  Prince Charles will be stressing the importance he attaches to the practice of "good corporate citizenship" by international business leaders to help underpin social structures in the emerging free market democracies. 
Dominican President Joaquin Balaguer pledged Wednesday to seal off his country's border with Haiti to plug the largest leaks in a UN-ordered trade embargo, a US official said.  The Dominican leader made the pledge at a meeting with William Gray, US President Bill Clinton's special envoy leading diplomatic efforts to restore democracy in Haiti, a spokesman for Gray said. 
Lebanese and Arab agriculture is threatened with collapse if Israel continues to subsidise its produce after peace is reached in the Middle East, Lebanese Agriculture Minister Adel Cortas said on Wednesday.  He charged that Israel was artificially subsidising its agricultural products to flood the market with cheap produce. 
Shadow home secretary Tony Blair has unexpected backing from powerful unionists, according to the latest opinion poll Thursday -- fueling speculation he will win a Labour leadership contest this summer.  Blair is backed by 37 percent of union levy-payers to the opposition Labour party, according to the NOP poll carried out for the BBC and the Independent -- despite earlier suggestions the unions, who wield a third of the vote in the leadership struggle, were likely to be hostile to his candidature. 
A British Airways jumbo jet carrying 331 people landed safely at Narita airport Thursday after its captain died of a suspected heart attack while on a flight from London, airline and airport officials said.  The death of the captain, David Robertson, was not announced in flight, passengers said. 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin arrived here Thursday for a four-day official visit, the Xinhua news agency said.  The aim of the visit was to reinforce bilateral economic and trade relations, and a number of accords were to be signed. 
A luxury hotel that barred two black workers from serving Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao agreed Wednesday to pay 70,000 dollars in fines to the state.  The fines stem from a May 16 incident in which the two workers claimed the management of the Four Seasons Hotel allowed only white workers to serve Rao. 
US lawmakers voted to approve a 13.6-billion-dollar foreign aid package Wednesday, bucking angry dissent over how much aid Russia and South Africa should get.  The House of Representatives adopted the legislation in a 337 to 87 vote. Top recipients of aid as in past years were Israel, at three billion dollars, and Egypt, at 2.1 billion dollars. 
"Serious accidents" cut off three train routes from the southern Chinese city Guangzhou to destinations in southwestern and eastern China this week, a semi-official news agency reported here.  The train services between Guangzhou and Kunming in Yunnan province and Chongqing in Sichuan provinces were suspended following "a serious accident" Wednesday night, the Hong Kong branch of China News Service said. 
An outbreak of cholera has struck three provinces in the eastern Philippines, infecting at least 320 people and killing 24 over the past five months, the health department said here Thursday.  The disease initially struck coastal communities in Albay, Sorsogon and Camarines Sur, but recent surveys show that it has spread inland, Grace Viola, an official of the department's field epidemiology training program said. 
Elders of a rat-infested village in West Java eager to rid the area of the paddy-damaging rodents have decreed a 10-day forced labor punishment for anyone who kills a snake, reports said Thursday.  Head of the Sukajadi village in Tasikmalaya regency, Memed Sumarya, was quoted by the Kompas daily as saying that the various snakes in the region were good predators and could help keep the rat population down. 
China has slashed import licences and quotas on 195 products in an apparent last-ditch bid to realise re-entry into the General Agreement on Tarrifs and Trade (GATT) before year's end.  Announcing the decision late Wednesday, Assistant Minister of Foreign Economic Trade and Cooperation Long Yongtu, described the quota eliminations as a "major move" to bring China's trade system into line with international standards. 
The former leader of China's 1989 pro-democracy demonstrations, Wang Dan, called on the government Thursday to overturn its official condemnation of the movement and release all protestors who remain behind bars.  "We believe that the government's ruling that the 1989 movement amounted to chaos and counter-revolutionary rioting is unfair. This ruling must be revised as soon as possible," Wang said in a petition addressed to the standing committee of the National People's Congress (NPC). 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin arrived here Thursday for a official visit, the first by a Russian premier since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, the offcial news agency Xinhua said.  The four-day visit aims at strengthening economic and trade relations, culminating in the signature of several agreements, it said. 
Japan's Fuji Bank Ltd. said Thursday group pre-tax earnings plunged 31.7 percent from a year earlier to 68.3 billion yen (663 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast a further decline this year.  The bank said consolidated revenues were down 11.5 percent at 2,715 billion yen while net operating profit tumbled 43.5 percent to 32.9 billion yen. 
The police card kept coming up when fortune teller Janine Costa read her own personal fortune with the tarot pack.  Then she found out why -- a policeman posing as a client Monday paid her 15 dollars (10 US) to read the cards for him at Ipswich near here in a tarot-card sting. 
Bad loans for Japan's nine government-sponsored financial institutions rose 3.4 percent from a year earlier to 419.6 billion yen (four billion dollars) in the year to March 1993, the audit board said Thursday.  The board also said total outstanding loans for the nine institutions, including the Japan Development Bank, rose 9.3 percent from a year earlier to 94.28 trillion yen (0.9 trillion dollars) in the same year. 
Indian cigarette maker ITC Ltd. has declared an 85-percent dividend and a one-for-one bonus for its shareholders after a surge in sales and profits during fiscal 1993-94.  Sales in the year to March 31 increased 12.4 percent over fiscal 1992-93 to 42.8 billion rupees (about 1.42 billion dollars) and after- tax profits rose 33 percent to 2.06 billion rupees (68 million dollars). 
Five countries proposed a compromise whale sanctuary that they believe could settle the whale protection dispute between Japan and a coalition of 10 countries led by France.  Delegates from Chile, Mexico, Switzerland, Sweden and Monaco floated the idea of a smaller sanctuary than the one being sought by France and its allies. 
A UN Security Council statement late Wednesday called on all the warring parties in Bosnia to reach a prompt, negotiated solution to their conflict without any preconditions.  Speaking for all 15 members, this month's council president Ibrahim Gambari of Nigeria reiterated the pressing need to halt the bloodshed throughout Bosnia-Hercegovina. 
The captain of a British Airways (BA) jumbo jet died on a flight from London but his two co-pilots steered it to a flawless landing at Tokyo's Narita airport Thursday without the passengers knowing about the misfortune.  The captain, David Robertson, a 52-year-old Briton, died of a heart attack while napping during a regular break when the Boeing 747-400 was flying over Russia some seven hours after takeoff, a BA spokeswoman in Tokyo said. 
Australia's new opposition leader, Alexander Downer, named a new shadow cabinet Thursday, promoting his deputy to the post of treasury spokesman.  Downer, who ousted former Liberal Party leader John Hewson in a party ballot on Monday, named his running mate Peter Costello as spokesman on economic affairs. 
Helped by brisk industrial activity, South Korea's jobless rate slid in the three months to March to 3.1 percent, down 0.1 percentage point from the same period last year, the National Statistical Office (NSO) said Thursday.  It was the first quarterly drop since December 1991, NSO officials said. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Bank Ltd. said Thursday its group pre-tax earnings dived 39.7 percent from a year earlier to 79.8 billion yen (775 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast another fall this year.  The bank said consolidated revenues rose 0.7 percent to 2,941 billion yen in the same period. But net operating profit from its core banking activities was down 24.3 percent at 47.5 billion yen. 
Northern forces fired two missiles at the southern capital Aden early Thursday, but one plunged into the sea and the other was destroyed by defending fire, witnesses said.  The Soviet-made Lunas were aimed at the airport, and some parked cars were damaged by part of the one which was hit by fire from anti- missile batteries. 
Dry, blustery winds swept millions of tonnes of topsoil thousands of kilometres (miles) across Australia and left Sydney's skyline shrouded Thursday beneath a massive dust cloud.  The dust storm turned the clear sky a dirty grey, cast a fine film of dirt over cars and left the air heavy with fine particles which prompted official health warnings to asthmatics. 
Thailand will get its fourth English-language newspaper early next year, with the start of publication of Business Day, officers of the new company have announced.  The newspaper is a joint venture. Thai Premier Publishing (TPP) owns 51 percent of the publishing firm, Business Day Co., while Singapore Press Holding Ltd. has 35 percent, Thailand's United Cinema Holding and Management Co. owns 11 percent and board chairman Meechai Viravaidya holds three percent. 
Japan's NEC Corp. said Thursday it had returned to the black with consolidated pre-tax earnings of 25.1 billion yen (244 million dollars) for the year to March and a further rebound forecast for this year.  The country's top semiconductor maker, which suffered a pre-tax loss of 37.7 billion yen a year earlier, said global sales edged up 1.8 percent to 3,580 billion yen despite lower sales of computers and industrial electronic systems. 
Japan's Toshiba Corp. said Thursday its consolidated pre-tax earnings grew five percent from a year earlier to 90.2 billion yen (876 million dollars) in the year to March despite flat global sales.  The country's second-biggest electrical machinery maker said sales grew less than one percent to 4,631 billion yen, depressed by lower sales of consumer products, information and communication systems, and electronic devices. 
An independent China-watching bi-monthly magazine will close next month due to financial problems after more than a decade in business, the publishing house said Thursday.  The Chinese-language magazine Pai Shing, set up by local literary figure Hu Chu-jen, will publish its last edition on June 1, after a recent decision by the board of directors to shut down due to heavy financial losses. 
Nearly two-thirds of Tokyo residents are against an increase in the number of foreigners living in the city, according to a survey published Thursday by the Mainichi daily.  Questioning 3,000 people, it found that 64 percent of the respondents were against any rise in the number of foreigners in their neighbourhood, and 28 percent were in favour. 
China has launched a high-profile campaign against financial fraud after a spate of embezzlement cases and bank swindles involving large quantities of state funds, press reports said Thursday.  During a top-level conference covered on the front pages of all major Chinese newspapers, Vice Premier and governor of the People's Bank of China Zhu Ronji said financial fraud had become "an eye-catching problem" in recent years. 
Vietnamese state banks have lent nearly 100 million dollars to rice traders so far this year in an effort to buy up sinking exports of the key commodity, a report said Thursday.  Shortages of working capital have hit traders hard as prices have fallen and stockpiles mounted, the Tuoi Tre newspaper reported. 
Sydney-listed Accor Asia Pacific Corp. is embarking on several hotel ventures in China with the establishment of a regional office in Beijing next week, a senior executive said Thursday.  "We have ambitious plans in China," said Roy Olsson, chief executive of Accor China. 
The rand stabilised against the dollar here Thursday after hitting a record low of 3.68 to the greenback during Wednesday's trade.  Dealers said the local unit opened at 3.6615/30 to the dollar from its close of 3.6665/80. 
Clashes between Burmese government troops and the forces of warlord Khun Sa have eased off in the past three days after Rangoon used jet fighters against the private Shan state army, a Thai military spokesman said Thursday.  Thailand's Third Army Region spokesman, Colonel Prasit Mongkholtham, told reporters than an unspecified number of jet fighters had flown missions May 17 and 18 against Khun Sa's men. 
Foreign corporate leaders rate Tokyo at the bottom of leading cities for quality of life and the working environment, according to a survey published Thursday that was commissioned by the city authorities.  New York, London and Berlin all rated higher on these counts, according to the poll of 478 foreign-owned firms published in the daily Asahi. 
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) Thursday announced formal approval of a 100 percent general capital increase to about 48 billion dollars following this month's annual meeting on new loan conditions.  China, which objected strongly to new US-proposed conditions, such as "good governance," abstained from the postal vote among 55 ADB member countries, while war-torn Afghanistan failed to cast its ballot, bank spokesman Maurice Bauche said. 
Japan's household spending in March fell 4.3 percent from a year earlier to 353,908 yen (3,403 dollars), the second consecutive monthly decline, the Management and Coordination Agency said Thursday.  The fall followed a 0.5 percent loss in February after four straight months of gains from October to January. 
Palestinian gunmen slightly wounded an Israeli soldier in an ambush on a patrol near Rafah on the Gaza Strip on Thursday, military sources said.  The troops were aboard a jeep inside the autonomous territory when they were fired on by the gunmen, who then fled. 
Marine microbes are threatening public health and the fishing industry along China's eastern coast, a senior government marine biologist warned here.  Hong Junchao, director of the Shanghai branch of the National Bureau of Oceanography, said "red tide" -- microbes that damage marine habitats and infect seafood -- appeared nine times last year along the eastern seabord, severely disrupting the fishing industry. 
Japan's Dai-Ichi Kangkyo Bank Ltd. (DKB) said Thursday its group pre- tax earnings dropped 42.7 percent to 68.4 billion yen (664 million dollars) in the year to March but forecast a rebound this year.  The bank said consolidated revenue fell 12.9 percent from a year earlier to 2,752 billion yen. Net operating profit from its core banking activities plunged 75 percent to 11.6 billion yen. 
India's no-nonsense election commissioner was isolated and under fire on Thursday after the Supreme Court overturned his postponement of polls in the country's most populous state.  The Supreme Court administered a sharp rebuke to the polls chief on Wednesday by ruling that by-elections in the state of Uttar Pradesh to fill six seats in the local legislature should go ahead. 
Exports from Vietnam's potential economic powerhouse in Ho Chi Minh City have fallen short of the government's economic target, while imports by the southern city are soaring along with the country's trade deficit, a report said Thursday.  The city exported only 155 million dollars worth of goods in the first four months, 26.8 percent of the target set for the whole year, according to figures from the city's Directorate of Commerce quoted in the Tuoi Tre daily. 
The ruble fell two points Thursday against the U.S. dollar and was quoted at 1,901 on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange, against 1,899 Wednesday.  Volume of trade totalled 8.35 million dollars with initial demand of 54.4 million dollars and offers of 50.75 million dollars. 
Millions of voters headed to the polls across India on Thursday to cast their ballots in by-elections in 12 states, from Tamil Nadu on the southern coast to Himachal Pradesh in the hilly north.  Seven seats in parliament, the Lok Sabha, and 10 state assembly seats are at stake in balloting expected to provide an indication of the strength of the ruling Congress (I) Party ahead of full-fledged state polls later this year. 
Japan's Hitachi Ltd. said Thursday its consolidated pre-tax earnings fell three percent from a year earlier to 228 billion yen (2.2 billion dollars) in the year to March but forecast a recovery.  The country's biggest manufacturer of electrical machinery said global sales declined two percent to 7,400 billion yen in the same period. 
Japan's Sumitomo Bank Ltd. said Thursday its group pre-tax earnings jumped 22 percent from a year earlier to 96.8 billion yen (940 million dollars) in the year to March but forecast a renewed decline this year.  The bank said consolidated revenues fell 16.4 percent to 2,794 billion yen in the same period with net operating profit from its core banking activities plunging 68.8 percent to 35.6 billion yen. 
The Credit Lyonnais bank has demanded that beleaguered French politician and entrepreneur Bernard Tapie repay a loan of 450 million (80 million dollars) immediately, it announced Thursday.  The state-owned bank said it would seize the possessions in Tapie's luxurious Paris mansion if the debt was not repaid within a week. 
A two-day conference of 57 countries opened here Thursday with the aim of defusing possible new wars in Europe by settling potential border disputes and solving the problems of minorities.  The conference, opened by UNESCO director-general Federico Mayor at the organisation's headquarters here, is the brainchild of French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur. 
Chinese dissidents Thursday publicly challenged the government by calling on it to overturn the official condemnation of the 1989 pro- democracy movement.  Seven dissidents involved in the Tiananmen Square massacre signed a petition submitted to the government by Wang Dan, the former student leader of China's 1989 pro-democracy demonstrations. 
The head of the Philippines' feared communist urban guerrillas, Felimon Lagman, was arrested here Thursday, the presidential palace said.  The communists have been fighting the Manila government for decades, in a war that has cost thousands of lives. 
More than 200 Khmer Rouge rebels were killed in fighting in northwest Cambodia as government forces pushed their way from Battambang to the rebel base at Pailin, a government official said Thursday.  Between 200 and 250 guerrillas died in the fighting Wednesday. Three government soldiers were killed and another 27 wounded by land mines as they advanced down National Route 10, Battambang deputy governor Serey Kosal told AFP by telephone. 
Two policemen in the eastern province of Shandong have been executed for raping at least 40 women over the past four years, the Shandong Legal Journal reported in its latest edition received Thursday.  The pair, Zhang Aiguo and Zhou Peiyu, used their patrols to pick up hotel workers and restaurant waitresses and rape them, it said. 
The head of the Philippines' feared communist urban guerrillas, Felimon Lagman, was arrested here Thursday, the presidential palace said.  The communists have been fighting the Manila government for decades, in a war that has cost thousands of lives. 
The head of the Philippines' feared communist urban guerrillas, Felimon Lagman, was arrested here Thursday, the presidential palace said.  The palace said naval intelligence agents arrested Lagman in suburban Quezon city. 
The head of the Philippines' feared communist urban guerrillas, Felimon Lagman, was arrested here Thursday, the presidential palace said.  The palace said naval intelligence agents arrested Lagman in suburban Quezon city. 
Negotiators for Bosnia-Hercegovina's three warring parties and an international contact group resumed closed-door talks here Thursday to try to establish a ceasefire and work out the country's division.  There have been no official comments on progress, but a member of the Croat press contingent who said he had access to the meeting reported that the Croats and Moslems, who have agreed to form a federation, had dropped demands for more territory. 
Jim Courier, who has lost only one match at Roland Garros in the last three years, may have slipped down to seventh in the seedings -- but that's fine by him.  "Where I am in a draw is all the same to me. I am going to have to play seven matches if I am going to hold the cup up at the end," the 23-year-old American said. 
China warned Washington on Thursday against attaching any conditions to the renewal of its preferential trading status with the United States, stressing that such a move would be "unwise."  "The attaching of conditions will be unacceptable to the Chinese side," foreign ministry spokesman Wu Jianmin told a weekly press briefing. 
Northern forces fired two missiles at the southern capital Aden on Thursday in what officials here called a "serious escalation" of the three-week civil war.  The Soviet-made Lunas were aimed at the airport, but one plunged into the sea while the other was hit in flight by anti-missile fire and disintegrated, with debris damaging parked cars. 
Cambodian government leaders arrived in Pyongyang Thursday on the eve of peace talks with the Khmer Rouge as a surge in fighting reportedly claimed the lives of 200 guerrillas and highlighted the problems besetting the conference.  In northwest Cambodia, the deputy governor of Battambang, Serey Kosal, said 200 Khmer Rouge guerrillas were killed in fighting near Treng as guerrillas fled from a government advance. 
Japan's Tokai Bank Ltd. said Thursday its consolidated pre-tax earnings dropped 29.4 percent from a year earlier to 49.6 billion yen (482 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast another fall this year.  The Nagoya-based bank said revenue climbed 2.6 percent to 1,945 billion yen in the same period while net operating profit from its core banking activities leapt 34 percent from a year earlier to 33.9 billion yen. 
Seven valuable icons from the 16th and 17th centuries worth an estimated four million dollars were stolen from a museum in the village of Ustyuzhna, north of Moscow, the Russian newspaper Izvestia reported Thursday.  The icons were taken from a museum located in the Our Lady of the Nativity cathedral which could not afford to pay for security guards, the report said without specifying when the theft occurred. 
UN special envoy Iqbal Riza left the Rwandan capital Kigali Thursday to meet with rebel leaders in their northern stronghold of Mulindi, an official with the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) said.  The official, reached by telephone from Nairobi, said the situation in Kigali was relatively calm Thursday following fierce fighting on Wednesday between the mainly Tutsi rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) and mainly Hutu government forces. 
Cambodia's monarch, heads of government and the nominal leader of the rebel Khmer Rouge faction arrived in Pyongyang on Thursday to begin peace talks, the official Chinese Xinhua news agency said.  King Norodom Sihanouk, co-prime ministers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen, parliamentary speaker Chea Sim and Khmer Rouge leader Khieu Samphan arrived in the North Korean capital for the talks which are scheduled to begin Friday. 
Japan's biggest computer maker Fujitsu Ltd. announced Thursday a group pre-tax profit of 44.1 billion yen (428 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a loss of 16.2 billion yen a year earlier.  But the company also said its net consolidated losses widened 16 percent to 37.7 billion yen in the same period, mainly due to the cost of restructuring its troubled computer subsidiary Amdahl Corp. in the United States. 
China is set for another underground hydrogen bomb test that will come within days of US President Bill Clinton's expected decision to renew trading privileges for China, The New York Times said Thursday.  The timing of the detonation, western diplomats told the daily in Beijing, is meant to signal China's independence from Washington. 
A juvenile court Thursday cleared a Malaysian teenager of vandalism and mischief charges but fined him for keeing stolen property.  The 15-year-old, who cannot be named under Singapore law because of his age, was the last of five foreign students, including caned US teenager Michael Fay, to appear in court on charges of spray-painting cars. 
South Africa should return to the Commonweralth before the end of this month, Commonwealth Secretary General Emeka Anyaoku announced Thursday.  Chief Anyaoku said South African President Nelson Mandela had officially asked for his country's speedy return to the body, made up of Britain and its former colonies. 
Saudi Arabia's solid defence held the United States to a goalless draw in a World Cup warm-up match here Wednesday.  Roy Wegerle and Tab Ramos, both back after injury, gave the Americans more penetration but they could not take their chances. 
Suha Tawil, the wife of PLO chief Yasser Arafat has dismissed rumours she was planning to file for divorce saying the couple could only be separated by death, the Al-Hayat newspaper reported Thursday.  Speculation that the couple was heading for divorce swept PLO headquarters in Tunis after Arafat ordered the detention of Tawil's uncle, George Hawa, in an inquiry into a corruption scandal. 
A Singaporean survivor of the stampede that claimed the lives of hundreds of Moslem pilgrims in Saudi Arabia said Thursday there was nothing he could do to help those who fell before him in the deadly crush of bodies.  "All you could do was move forward with the crowd as you were being pushed and shoved yourself," said Azmi Omar, 30, a computer programmer, adding that he saw pilgrims trampled before him in the pandemonium. 
Germany's balance of payments was 5.2 billion German marks (3.15 billion dollars) in the black for March, against a deficit of 1.4 billion marks in February, the Bundesbank said Thursday issuing definitive figures.  The capital account showed a surplus of 1.5 billion marks in March against a deficit of 1.5 billion in February, the central bank said in a statement. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Electric Corp. said Thursday its group pre-tax earnings fell 10 percent from a year earlier to 71.4 billion yen (693 million dollars) in the year to March but forecast a rebound this year.  The country's third-largest manufacturer of electrical machinery said consolidated sales fell five percent to 3,105 billion yen in the same period. 
Authorities in China's southwest province of Yunnan are to seek overseas financing, including from the Asia Development Bank, to construct a 1,350-kilometer (905-mile) railway link through Laos and Burma to Thailand.  The railway will link Kunming with Bangkok. 
North Korea's ageing president, Kim Il-Sung, has been absent from official events for almost three weeks since meeting a group of Chinese visitors on May 7, South Korean officials said Thursday.  "Kim has failed to appear on the news or for official events and outdoor meetings," said a monitor at the South's unification ministry. 
Japanese car maker Mitsubishi has entered a joint venture with Vietnamese and Malaysian partners to assemble automobiles in Vietnam, local press reports said Thursday.  The joint venture set up as the Vina Star Motors Corp., received government approval Monday and includes Mitsubishi, Vietnamese company Vietranscimex and Malaysian car maker Proton. 
Dynamic flanker Willie Ofahengaue is one of nine Wallabies named here Thursday in an Australian rugby union XV to play touring Ireland in Mt.Isa in northern Queensland next Wednesday.  Ofahengaue is recovering from knee surgery which sidelined him for the bulk of last season and the selectors will use the Irish match to gauge his fitness and form. 
The German mark lifted against the main European currencies on Thursday morning as widespread falls on stock markets and in futures caused investors to turn to the mark as a safe-haven currency.  In Paris, the dollar was firmer against the yen as market rumours said the Bundesbank and the Bank of France were intervening to prop up the US currency, dealers said. 
Consumer prices in western Germany rose by 0.2 percent in May compared with a month earlier and were up by 2.9 percent compared with May 1993, the Federal Statistics Office said Thursday giving provisional figures.  The west German consumer price index grew by 0.2 percent in April, when the year-on-year inflation was 3.1 percent. 
Vietnam and the United States have exchanged agreements on the opening of liaison offices in their capitals in the first step towards the establishment of diplomatic relations, a foreign ministry statement said Thursday.  US Assistant Secretary State Winston Lord and Vice Foreign Minister Le Mai exchanged letters agreeing to the opening of liaison offices in Hanoi and Washington, the statement said. 
French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur pleaded on Thursday for a Stability Pact that would liquidate Europe's "old conflicts" and "old quarrels."  He was speaking at the opening of a two-day conference of 41 countries that will aim at preventing new wars in Europe by settling potential border disputes and solving the problems of minorities. 
Thailand's biggest conglomerate, Siam Cement Co., announced Thursday its first quarter net profit had more than doubled over the same period a year earlier.  Siam Cement and its subsidiaries posted a net profit of 1,437 million baht (57.48 million dollars) for the three months to March compared with 694 million baht in the first quarter of last year, president Chumpol NaLamlieng said. 
Vietnam's fight against inflation will be the focus of economic policy to avoid overheating that could send market reforms veering off course, a top official told the opening session of the National Assembly Thursday.  Deputy Prime Minister Phan Van Khai promised lawmakers that the government would keep a tight grip on monetary policy and would take steps to limit the circulation of foreign currency, particularly the dominant US dollar. 
Japanese department store Mitsukoshi Corp. said Thursday its pre-tax losses narrowed 6.4 percent to 5.4 billion yen (52 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast more red ink for the current year.  The troubled affiliate of the Mitsui group of companies said global revenues dropped 4.4 percent from a year earlier to 1,035 billion yen. 
Vietnam and the United States have exchanged agreements on the opening of liaison offices in their capitals in the first step towards the establishment of diplomatic relations, a foreign ministry statement said Thursday.  US Assistant Secretary State Winston Lord and Vice Foreign Minister Le Mai exchanged letters agreeing to the opening of liaison offices in Hanoi and Washington, the statement said. 
Some 30 people were wounded in an artillery duel between rival Afghan forces overnight, hospital sources said Thursday.  The two-hour exchange in the northern part of Kabul came after a lull in fighting between forces loyal to President Burhanuddin Rabbani and an alliance opposing him during the Moslem Eid festival. 
Grand Prix motor racing plunges into the unknown here this weekend with drivers and engineers struggling to master cars drastically changed in the name of greater safety.  Germany's Michael Schumacher in a Benetton-Ford, winner of the first four races this year, remains in theory the man to beat at the Circuit de Catalunya near Barcelona. 
South African police divers were striving Thursday to rescue 32 forestry workers whose bus toppled into a reservoir, police said.  Thirty-six other workers managed to escape from the bus after the accident, which took place in a forest area of southeastern Transvaal, near Lothair. 
Vietnam and the United States have taken their first step towards resuming relations by agreeing to open liaison offices in their capitals nearly two decades after the former enemies ended their conflict, a statement said Thursday.  US Assistant Secretary of State Winston Lord and Vice Foreign Minister Le Mai exchanged letters on May 20 and 21 agreeing to the opening of liaison offices in Hanoi and Washington, the foreign ministry said. 
Mustafa Abdi fled Somalia like thousands of other war-weary refugees, seeking a safe haven after years of bitter and bloody conflict.  But three months later the 20-year-old from Mogadishu was lying in the spartan Al-Kuwait hospital in the Yemeni capital Sanaa, his right arm amputated at the elbow and both legs paralysed by a piece of shrapnel lodged in his spine. 
The brother of accused serial killer Frederick West, charged with 11 murders in the "House of Horrors" case, was Wednesday charged with two counts of rape, police said.  They said the rape charges against John West, 51, involved incidents that allegedly occurred between 1975 and 1980. 
A Palestinian policeman returned to the territories for the first time in 27 years to find his long lost brother had converted to Judaism and was seeking Israeli nationality, the daily Yediot Aharonot said Thursday.  Mohammed Daames fled to Jordan 27 years ago at the start of the Israeli occupation of the West Bank and the family village of Beit Omar, near Hebron. 
Charges flew back and forth during an overnight Pakistani Senate debate of alleged ruling party member and opposition leader involvement in a multi-million-dollar banking scandal here.  The former chief operating officer of the private Mehran Bank, Younus Habib, has been jailed on charges of embezzling huge sums and doling out money to friends, including prominent politicians and a former army chief. 
A heat wave claimed 16 lives over the last four days in Punjab province, reports and hospital sources said Thursday.  The sunstroke fatalities were reported from different places in the southern and central parts of the province where temperatures ranged between 40 and 45 degrees Celsius. 
PLO chief Yasser Arafat will not be authorized to visit Jerusalem during his forthcoming trip to the autonomous areas of Gaza and Jericho, Police Minister Moshe Shahal said on Thursday.  Arafat is expected in the autonomous territories around mid-June, on his first visit in 27 years. 
Inflation was running at 2.9 percent in western Germany in May, the federal statistics office said on Thursday giving provisional figures.  If confirmed, it would be the first time for three years that the rate has fallen below three percent. The figure has not been so low since April 1991 when it was 2.8 percent. 
The escudo came under heavy selling pressure on Thursday and was quoted at 103.90 to the German mark from 103.523 at the close on Wednesday.  The Bank of Portugal suspended its repurchase rate and its rate for certificates of deposit. 
International negotiators were considering presenting a take-it-or- leave-it peace plan Thursday to Bosnia's belligerants, who are balking at European proosals to carve-up the country, a diplomat close to the talks said.  The diplomat said the "contact group" of European, UN, US and Russian negotiators were ready to try to impose a territorial solution on the warring parties, presumably by threatening to withdraw peacekeeping forces from Bosnia if the new plan was rejected. 
Sinn Fein, the political wing of the outlawed IRA, said Thursday ahead of Anglo-Irish talks here it would only answer Britain's latest move in Northern Ireland peace efforts after June's European elections.  Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams spoke on a BBC radio interview shortly before Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds and his British counterpart John Major began discussing how to set up new multi-party talks on Northern Ireland. 
Former junior champion Anna Smashnova, who caused a major upset by putting Jana Novotna out of the French Open on Tuesday, failed to clear the second hurdle here on Thursday.  The 17-year-old Minsk-born Israeli was overwhelmed by experienced American Shaun Stafford 4-6, 1-6 who now faces either compatriot Ann Grossman or Petra Langrova of the Czech Republic for a place in the last sixteen. 
Share prices fell in early trading here on Thursday as the market remained under the influence of nervous international bond markets.  On Wednesday the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares had shed 2.2 percent of its value and in early trading it was 6.5 pence lower at 3,014.2, a fall of 0.2 percent to the lowest level since last September. In Paris, the CAC 40 index rose by 0.51 percent to 2,095.14 points. 
ATP tour officials have slapped a 1,500 dollar fine on Andre Agassi for his four letter outbursts during his second round loss to Thomas Muster on Tuesday.  The American, who was beaten in five sets but played some of his most inspirational tennis since his 1992 Wimbledon win, was warned for verbally abusing umpire Bruno Rebeuh and then docked a penalty point for an audible obscenity in the fifth set. 
The father of the confessed assassin of a Mexican presidential candidate suspects the slaying was the result of a government plot, his lawyer was quoted as saying in Thursday's New York Times.  Ruben Aburto Cortez said that several weeks before Luis Donaldo Colosio was killed after a political rally in Tijuana on March 23, his son Mario told him he had met with a federal security agent, attorney Peter Schay said. 
President Boris Yeltsin called Thursday on the counterintelligence service to crack down on economic crime and cited as its new priorities the fight against arms and drugs smuggling, contraband and corruption.  In an address to members of the reformed KGB, Yeltsin mapped out a new conception of the security service which he said must now ensure the economic security of the country, ITAR-TASS reported. 
A group of Taiwanese animal breeders Thursday demonstrated in front of the American Institute in Taiwan (AIT), protesting US trade sanctions aimed at influencing Taiwan's wildlife policy.  Some 100 breeders, one leading a tiger he raised, protested a decision by Washington to slap sanctions on Taiwanese leather and coral goods in response to Taipei's tolerance of illegal trade in rhinoceros horns and tiger parts. 
Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas has cancelled visits to Malaysia and Cairo due to fatigue, Foreign Ministry Spokesman Irawan Abidin said Thursday.  "He is being treated for fatigue. According to the doctors, he has to rest for about two weeks," Irawan said. 
The United States has expelled an Iraqi diplomat for violating rules governing Iraqi diplomatic activities here, The Washington Post said Thursday.  State Department officials quoted by the daily said that Adnan Malik, who was reassigned here from the United Nations, was sending out news releases in favor of lifting the UN economic embargo against his country, and hired and fired staff members with no prior notification to US authorities. 
Second-seed Michael Stich crashed out of the French Open Tennis Championships here on Thursday when he was beaten 3-6, 3-6, 4-6 in the second-round by American Aaron Krickstein.  The German, unhappy throughout and guilty of ten double-faults, crumpled after 1hr 43 mins on the centre-court. 
Two French experts are to provide training on airport security and fighting the narcotics trade, a French embassy statement said here Thursday.  Experts Florent Humbert and Alain Labro will provide two weeks of training to 25 Bangladeshi police, customs, narcotics and civil aviation authority officials, the embassy said. 
Talks between nuclear inspectors and North Korea on the monitoring of fuel rods and regular inspections of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor resumed here Thursday, a spokesman for the International Atomic Energy Agnecy (IAEA) said.  He said the talks, which began Wednesday, were expected to continue through Friday. 
Russia is not setting any conditions for its membership in NATO's "Partnership for Peace" (PFP) programme, but will still await the alliance's response to its proposals for cooperation before signing up, Defence Minister Pavel Grachev said Thursday.  He presented a set of propositions to the North Atlantic Treaty Alliance Wednesday on cooperation, notably on creating a mechanism for consultation on security in Europe and throughout the world, and on increased military and political cooperation. 
Rwandan rebels pressed their offensive to capture the capital Kigali Thursday as a UN special envoy sought to persuade them to accept a ceasefire already agreed by government forces, relief officials and diplomats said.  The rebels pounded Kigali with artillery and mortar fire shortly after the UN envoy, Iqbal Riza, left the embattled capital Thursday to meet rebel leaders in their northern stronghold of Mulindi, relief officials said. 
Share prices fell in early trading here on Thursday as the market remained under the influence of nervous international bond markets.  On Wednesday the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares had shed 2.2 percent of its value and in early trading it was 6.5 pence lower at 3,014.2, a fall of 0.2 percent to the lowest level since last September. In Paris, the CAC 40 index rose by 0.51 percent to 2,095.14 points. 
The leader of a renegade Philippine communist faction known for daring urban assassinations was arrested near here Thursday, striking another severe blow to a faltering insurgent movement.  Felimon Lagman, chairman of the clandestine Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) regional committee for Manila and neighboring Rizal province, was arrested alone in suburban Manila, the presidential palace announced. 
The European Court of Justice Thursday condemned Ireland for allowing a child to be placed for adoption in defiance of her natural father.  The nine judges unanimously ruled that Ireland contravened the European convention on human rights and sentenced Dublin to nearly 55,000 punts (some 80,000 dollars) in interest and damages. 
China demanded on Thursday that President Bill Clinton renew its most- favored-nation trading privileges with no strings attached, but meantime moved to liberalize its trade system.  Clinton was to announce later Thursday or Friday that he will renew China's Most-Favored-Nation (MFN) status, but with limited sanctions to punish Beijing for failing to make "overall significant progress" on human rights, informed sources in Washington told AFP. 
Belgium's World Cup goalkeeper Michel Preud'Homme has signed for Portuguese champions Benfica.  The 35-year-old Mechelen keeper said he had joined the Lisbon club for two years. 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin began a four-day official visit here Thursday aimed at resolving bilateral trade problems and expanding economic cooperation between the giant neighbours.  The visit, the first by a Russian premier since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, is expected to culminate in the signing of six or seven agreements on economic and trade cooperation. 
The Bundesbank held its two key interest rates unchanged on Thursday, a spokesman for the bank said at the end of a meeting of the bank's policy-making central council.  The discount rate was held at 4.50 percent and the Lombard rate at six percent. These rates had been set on May 12. 
The United States plans to discuss missiles and chemical weapons with North Korea in talks with the communist country, a senior US official was quoted as saying here Thursday.  "Certainly we would want to bring up the other issues that are of concern to us, in particular the missile issue and the chemical issue," John Holum, director of the US Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, said in an interview with Kyodo News Service. 
Vietnam and the United States have agreed to open diplomatic offices in their capitals in a major step towards resuming full relations 19 years after Washington pulled out the country, Hanoi announced Thursday.  US Assistant Secretary of State Winston Lord and Vice Foreign Minister Le Mai exchanged letters on May 20 and 21 agreeing to the opening of liaison offices in Hanoi and Washington, the foreign ministry said. 
Europe tried to lay to rest the ghosts of wars past on Thursday with a Stability Pact intended to settle potential border disputes and solve the problem of minorities in central and eastern Europe.  But the conference on stability in Europe, brainchild of French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur, left aside the wars in Bosnia and the Caucasus, concentrating on preventing conflicts that could regenerate from Europe's turbulent past. 
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev gave a cool reception Thursday to a new European plan for settling border disputes and minority issues, insisting instead that existing institutions were the proper forum.  Addressing an international conference here on European stability, Kozyrev welcomed the French-conceived plan as "yet another attempt to come to grips seriously with the extremely dangerous signs of aggressive nationalism, xenophobia, and ethnic and religious intolerance" in Europe. 
Peace talks on Bosnia are to resume in about 10 days at Talloires, France, Bosnian Serb official Aleksa Buha said Thursday.  Buha, who identifies himself as foreign minister of the self- proclaimed Bosnian Serb government said he was satisified with talks in Talloires, in the Alps, on Wednesday and Thursday between an international contact group and representatives of the three warring Bosnian parties. 
Former Austrian president Kurt Waldheim has denied involvement with the Central Intelligence Agency, the Standard newspaper reported here Thursday, following allegations by the US media.  Waldheim, who was declared persona non grata by the United States in 1987 for activities in the German army during World War II, said he favoured publication of CIA documents pertaining to him to allow him to deny the rumors. 
A Russian military satellite was missing Thursday, 24 hours after its launch, and was believed to have plunged back to earth, officials said.  The Russian military space command said the Kosmos 2281 satellite, launched Wednesday aboard a Tsiklone-3 rocket from the Plessetsk cosmodrome, probably fell to earth in the Siberian Sea off northern Siberia after the apparent failure of the rocket's second and third stages to separate. 
Palestinian gunmen slightly wounded an Israeli soldier in an ambush on a patrol near Rafah on the Gaza Strip on Thursday, military sources said.  But the hardline Moslem group Islamic Jihad, claiming responsibility for the attack in a statement faxed to AFP in Nicosia, said it had killed two Israeli soldiers and seriously wounded two others. 
Vanuatu opposition parties tried to pass a no-confidence motion Thursday but were ruled out of order by the parliament's speaker.  Speaker Alfred Masing said the motion was not in order because the constitution stipulated that at least one week's notice must be given and the required seven days had not expired. 
German Cooperation and Development Minister Carl-Dieter Spranger arrived in Hanoi Thursday for four days of talks with Vietnamese officials on aid and the return of workers from the former East Germany.  Spranger, who is due to meet senior economic and labour officials during his visit, is expected to bring up the thorny issue of Vietnamese guest workers who were employed in East Germany and have stayed on after reunification. 
Rwandan rebels have rejected French military participation in a UN force in the country because of its role in training and arming government troops, a spokesman said in Brussels Thursday.  James Rwego, a spokesman for the Rwanda Patriotic Front, said France could send humanitarian aid, but not soldiers "because of differences between the RPF and the French government". 
Unhappy Michael Stich, who had such high hopes of winning the French Open, admitted he would have been better off staying in bed here on Thursday after losing in the second round to Aaron Krickstein of the United States.  Stich was beaten 3-6, 3-6, 4-6 in 1hr 43mins on the Roland Garros centre-court -- the match being briefly interrupted for ten minutes by rain late in the third set. 
Black days on Wall Street: in less than two months, a star of finance succumbed to a drug overdose and one of the gurus of high finance resigned in with an uproar by admitting addiction to drugs and alcohol.  These two diverse cases illustrate a disquieting return of substance abuse to the world's leading center of finance. 
A cocktail of "big oil" and diplomatic intrigue in the war-torn republic of Azerbaijan has lent the capital Baku a conspiratorial atmosphere straight out of a spy novel.  After tortuous negotiations with three governments in as many years, the western consortium wanting to develop Azerbaijan's offshore oil reserves claims a production-sharing agreement will be signed in August. 
Northern forces fired two missiles at this port city on Thursday and despatched a column of tanks rumbling towards the Mukalla headquarters of southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid.  A spokesman here said the attack on Aden was a "serious escalation of the war" after two Soviet-made Lunas were fired at the airport. 
Hungary's two main political forces expected to govern after next Sunday's final round of legislative elections have pledged to build closer links with NATO and other European security organisations.  Both the Socialist Party (HSP), in the lead after the May 8 first round, and the runner-up Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ), have said that Hungary should "organically integrate with the Euro-Atlantic community." 
Boeing Company is close to reaching a deal with China for more than 50 commercial jets valued at more than five billion dollars, The Wall Street Journal said Thursday.  Citing unnamed sources familiar with the talks, the Journal said the negotiations are in their final stages, awaiting the pending US decision on whether to extend China's most-favored-nation trading status. 
Alexander Solzhenitsyn, whose writings revealed to the world the horrors of the Soviet labour camps, returns to his homeland Friday to carve out a role in the new Russia as a spiritual leader.  Twenty years after he was expelled from the Soviet Union, the writer arrives in the Pacific port city of Vladivostok and plans a long cross-country journey by train to Moscow to reacquaint himself with his homeland. 
Russia's most famous emigre writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn returns to his troubled homeland Friday after 20 years of exile. Here is a selection of quotes from "Rebuilding Russia", Solzhenitsyn's reflection on the challenges facing his homeland as it breaks away from communism.  The Russian text entitled "Kak Nam Obustroit Rossiyu" was first published in the newspapers Komsomolskaya Pravda and Literaturnaya Gazeta in 1990. The English edition was published in 1991 by HarperCollins. 
As Bosnia's warring factions try once more to find an end to their conflict, Sarajevans are finding that the fruits of their provisional peace are sweet indeed.  The end of the Serb siege of the capital has sent prices of food and other essentials plummeting from the sky-high levels they reached during the fighting, allowing people to savour goodies they had not tasted for two years. 
In 1944, when Rene Dussaq parachuted into occupied France for an advance mission two weeks ahead of D-Day, he had no idea how he would be received.  Fifty years later, Dussaq plans another jump along with other combat veterans to mark the 50th anniversary of the allied landing in Normandy. 
Talks on forming a coalition government in Malawi after the country's first democratic elections have collapsed, a senior politician said in an interview published Thursday.  The talks were held between the victorious United Democratic Front (UDF) and the Alliance for Democracy (AFORD), AFORD's second vice president Peter Kaleso told the Daily Times newspaper that the UDF had failed to meet his party's demands. 
Britain on Thursday lifted the arms embargo it imposed against Israel in 1982 in response to the Israeli invasion of Lebanon.  Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd said in a written statement to the House of Commons: "I have decided that, in light of favourable developments in the Middle East peace process, in particular the Israeli withdrawal from Gaza and Jericho, the United Kingdom's arms embargo against Israel should be lifted." 
New claims for US unemployment benefits fell by 1,000 to 366,000 last week, the Labor Department said Thursday.  Wall Street analysts had forecast a decline of 7,000 for the week ended May 21. 
Four armed men took some 30 people hostage on Thursday in a bus near the northern Caucasus town of Mineralnoye Vody and demanded 10 million dollars ransom, a helicopter, and arms, the Russian ministry for emergency situations announced.  The bus was travelling between Vladikavkaz, in the Caucasus republic of North Ossetia, in Russia, and Stavropol in southern Russia. 
A Senegalese appeals court Thursday threw out murder-related charges laid against the country's main opposition leader, Abdoulaye Wade.  The Dakar Appeals Court dismissed the charges against Wade and his wife Viviane after the May 15, 1993, slaying of the deputy president of the Constitutional Court, Babacar Seye. 
Vietnam denied Thursday that a leading political dissident was on a hunger strike to protest harsh prison treatment.  The US Human Rights/Asia Watch organisation said Tuesday that professor Doan Viet Hoat went began a hunger strike in April after being put in chains at a reeducation camp in northern Vietnam for refusing forced labour. 
A leader of Japan's Social Democratic Party urged Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata on Thursday to step down and clear the way for a revamped coalition that could include the SDP, which quit the government last month.  SDP Secretary-general Wataru Kubo told reporters following a meeting with Hata: "I told him a voluntary resignation is one of the possibilities, if he wants to form a new coalition government and stabilise his power base." 
Andrea De Cesaris will replace the injured Karl Wendlinger from the Canadian Grand Prix, the Sauber Mercedes team said Thursday.  Wendlinger was still in a coma in a Nice, France, hospital but out of danger after crashing in practice for the Monaco Grand Prix two weeks ago. 
A slapping match between a German girl and a Turkish girl turned into a full-scale riot here Wednesday, with the German girl's family loosing dogs against Turks and the Turks defending themselves with staves, police said Thursday.  The German girl slapped the 13-year-old Turkish girl, which led the Turkish girl's father to slap the German girl, police said. 
Four armed men took some 30 people hostage on Thursday in a bus near the northern Caucasus town of Mineralnoye Vody and demanded 10 million dollars ransom, a helicopter, arms, and drugs, the Russian ministry for emergency situations announced.  The bus was travelling between Vladikavkaz, in the Caucasus republic of North Ossetia, in Russia, and Stavropol in southern Russia. 
The United States and Vietnam have reached agreement to open diplomatic offices in their capitals although no date has been set, the State Department confirmed Thursday.  "The United States and Vietnam have reached agreement on the legal framework for the opening of liaison offices in Hanoi and Washington," State Department spokesman Michael McCurry said in a written statement. 
President Boris Yeltsin told Russian counterespionage agents Thursday to take decisive measures against extremists who want to overthrow the government, Interfax reported.  In an address to the reformed KGB, Yeltsin said that "certain parties, movements and social groups in Russia are resorting to illegal means for their battles. 
New claims for US unemployment benefits fell by 1,000 to 366,000 last week, the Labor Department said Thursday.  Wall Street analysts had forecast a decline of 7,000 for the week ended May 21. 
South Africa's weapons industry is expecting a major boost from the lifting of the United Nations arms embargo, the state armaments corporation said Thursday.  "One of the most exciting aspects of the lifting of the arms boycott is the prospect of substantially increasing the exports of defence equipment," said Tielman de Waal, general manager of the state-owned Armscor. 
The Japanese government has provided 15.25 million dollars to finance the Palestinian administration in the Gaza Strip and Jerico, officials said here Thursday.  They said the assistance was part of the 200 million dollars Japan pledged last October to help reconstruction in the two areas. 
Millions of voters cast their ballots on Thursday in by-elections seen as a mild test of strength for India's ruling Congress (I) party ahead of state assembly polls later this year.  A supporter of the centrist Janata Dal party was wounded by an arrow in the eastern state of Bihar and other minor incidents were reported but the polling was generally peaceful across the country, election officials said. 
Pakistani squash player Mir Zaman Gul, who head-butted an opponent in this year's British Open, has been banned from next year's event and fined 500 pounds.  The British Squash Rackets Association said on Thursday Gul's actions were "wholly inappropriate for a squash player and have brought the game into disrepute." 
Appeals by Premiership clubs Chelsea, Newcastle United and Manchester City to delay making their grounds all-seater have been refused by the British government.  Now the trio, along with First Division Barnsley, Oldham Athletic and Swindon Town, face a hectic summer adapting their grounds by the August 1 deadline. 
Four armed men took some 30 people hostage on Thursday in a bus near the southern Russian town of Mineralnoye Vody and demanded 10 million dollars ransom, a helicopter, arms and drugs, Russian authorities announced.  The bus was travelling from Vladikavkaz, the capital of the Caucasus republic of North Ossetia which is part of Russia, to Stavropol, also in southern Russia. 
Israel has delayed the release of hundreds of Palestinian prisoners which had been expected on Thursday as part of this month's agreement launching self-rule, military sources said.  But Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, who is also defense minister, Chief of Staff Ehud Barak and Deputy Chief of Staff Amnon Shahak decided late Wednesday to resume releases in about a week, the sources said. 
A special rapporteur, appointed by the UN Human Rights Commission to investigate ethnic blood-letting in Rwanda, Thursday expressed anxiety ahead of his mission.  Rene Degni-Segui, a 46-year-old law professor and chairman of the Ivory Coast Human Rights League, told AFP he had accepted the mission "with the risks involved," adding: "I mostly fear the difficulties awaiting me in view of the situation which is still very volatile." 
French-based Haitian Ronald Agenor and 'lucky-loser' David Prisonil of Germany wrote their names into the record books at the French Open Tennis Championships here on Thursday when Agenor completed a 6-7 (4/7), 6-7 (2/7), 6-3, 6-4, 14-12 second-round victory in 5hrs 02mins.  The two players needed to complete 71 games to decide who plays defending champion Sergi Bruguera for a place in the last sixteen. 
Bosnian Serb troops have made a small advance in the western pocket of Bihac following intense shelling of the region, a UN commander stationed in Bihac said Thursday.  Major Jean-Francois Philippe, spokesman for the French battalion based in the Moslem-held city, said the Serbs advanced by about a kilometre (less than a mile) in the southeastern part of the pocket Wednesday after launching a barrage of 500 shells against positions of the mainly-Moslem Bosnian army stationed north of the city. 
A senior Iranian official accused Saudi Arabia on Thursday of provoking the conflict in Yemen in a bid to weaken the country as a potential threat.  Mohammad Javad Larijani, a member of Iran's National Security Council, said Yemen's unity had "sparked fear in Riyadh's rulers over the dangers" of having a strong country next door. 
Four armed men took some 30 hostages, including children, on Thursday in a bus near the southern Russian town of Mineralnoye Vody and demanded 10 million dollars ransom, a helicopter, arms and drugs, Russian authorities announced.  Some 10 children were among the passengers being held hostage, police chief General Ivan Tetereviatnikov told AFP by telephone. 
South African police Thursday posted a 100,000 rand (170,000 dollar) reward for information leading to the arrest of a right-winger wanted in connection with an arms robbery at an air base.  Mathys de Villiers, 29, is alleged to have master-minded the robbery of 155 weapons, including heavy machine guns, assault rifles and laser-equipped handguns, from an air base at Pretoria over a weekend in early March. 
The dollar hovered early Thursday near its closing levels of the day before in New York in a slow market as traders hesitated in the absence of any trend and before the long US Memorial Day holiday weekend.  Gold, meanwhile, fell to 385.10 dollars an ounce, down 1.50 dollar from late Wednesday. 
Eurotunnel moved on Thursday to raise about 1.5 billion pounds (2.25 billion dollars) to plug holes in the finances of its link beneath the Channel from England to France.  The company, which ran into several financial problems as it tunnelled, said it planned to raise 816 million pounds (1.224 billion dollars) through a three-for-five rights issue, pricing shares at 265 pence each, in a statement on Thursday. 
Here is the text of the statement issued Thursday by US State Department spokesman Michael McCurry on the exchange of liaison offices between the United States and Vietnam:  The United States and Vietnam have reached agreement on the legal framework for the opening of liaison offices in Hanoi and Washington. The date for  opening the offices will depend on implementation of an agreement to return each country's diplomatic properties. 
South Africa's weapons industry is expecting a major boost from the lifting of the UN arms embargo, the state armaments corporation said Thursday.  "One of the most exciting aspects of the lifting of the arms boycott, is the prospect of substantially increasing the exports of defence equipment," said Tielman de Waal, general manager of the state-owned Armscor. 
The British telecommunications group Cable and Wireless, on Thursday announced an 18.5 percent increase in pre-tax profits to 1.09 billion pounds (1.635 billion dollars) compared with 918 million pounds the previous year.  The result, for the year to march, was slightly above analysts' expectations of around 1.05 billion pounds. 
France's state-controlled Credit Lyonnais bank ordered businessman- turned-politician Bernard Tapie Thursday to repay debts of 450 million francs (80 million dollars) within a week or risk losing his house and works of art.  Also Thursday reliable sources said that for the second time in two days investigating magistrates had demanded the lifting of Tapie's parliamentary immunity to face charges of tax fraud concerning his private yacht. 
Two Welsh football fans, who fired a rocket flare that killed a pensioner at the end of a World Cup match, were jailed for three years on Thursday.  Retired postman John Hill, 67, died instantly when the missile hit his chest as the final whistle sounded on Wales' World Cup campaign at Cardiff Arms Park in November 1993. 
Five Japanese electronics giants forecast higher global earnings after posting mixed performances in the year to March, buoyed by strong semiconductor sales which helped to offset the strong yen, on Thursday.  The biggest turnarounds were announced by top semiconductor manufacturer NEC Corp. and leading computer maker Fujistu Ltd. which both managed to return to the black after suffering steep losses in the previous year. 
The PLO has cancelled a 7.5 million dollar contract with an Austrian firm aimed at turning media coverage of Yasser Arafat's arrival in the Gaza Strip and Jericho into a money-spinner, the organisation announced Thursday.  Abed Rabbo, spokesman for the Palestine Liberation Organisation, said it had "been decided to cancel the contract to avoid any constraints on press coverage of this event or of any other Palestinian activity." 
Blue-chip stocks edged up early Thursday, boosted by stable bond interest rates.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 7.67 points to 3,762.97 25 minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Luben Berov called Thursday on parliament for a vote of confidence in his non-party interim government, in the run-up to early general elections, parliamentary officials said.  If parliament rejects the vote of confidence in his administration, made up of experts, other parliamentary groups will then be charged with trying to form a government. 
Barbra Streisand has canceled a show here because of inflamed vocal chords, raising questions about the future of her soldout US tour, her first in 27 years.  "She's under medication and she has been ordered to maintain strict voice rest," said her spokesman, Ken Sunshine. "That means no talking at all, and obviously, no signing." 
Nine of Japan's 11 city banks announced further declines in consolidated pre-tax earnings for the year to March with only three forecasting improvements in the current year, on Thursday.  The banks, still reeling from the orgy of speculative lending to the once-booming property sector, also said they had written off a combined 2,000 billion yen (19.4 billion dollars) in bad loans during the year. 
Blue-chip stocks edged up early Thursday, boosted by stable bond interest rates.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 7.67 points to 3,762.97 at 25 minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Four armed men took 30 people, including children, hostage Thursday in a bus near the southern Russian town of Mineralnoye Vody and demanded a 10 million dollars ransom, a helicopter, arms and drugs, Russian authorities said.  Some 10 children were among the passengers being held hostage, police chief General Ivan Tetereviatnikov told AFP by telephone. 
Hong Kong gave a cold shoulder Thursday to overseas Chinese dissidents bent on coming to the territory to promote the overthrow of communist party rule in Beijing.  Chief Secretary Anson Chan, commenting on planned visits to Hong Kong by Chinese dissidents living abroad, said it was "entirely natural" for Hong Kongers to comment on events in China, which takes back the colony in 1997. 
An American and two German firms have been appointed consultants and designers for a proposed 15-billion-ringgit (six billion US dollar) giant dam to be built in Malaysia's eastern Sarawak state, officials said on Thursday.  New York-based Power Technologies Inc (PTI) and Lahmeyer International of Frankfurt and Fichtner of Stuart beat several other foreign firms for the job to be undertaken jointly with Malaysia's public-listed Ekran Bhd, they said. 
Chrysler Corp. of the United States and Japan's Isuzu Motors Ltd. told the transport ministry Thursday they would recall some 5,200 defective vehicles, officials said.  Chrysler is to recall 3,410 of its Jeep Cherokee and 655 of Jeep Grand Cherokee imported between September 1992 and August last year, while Isuzu is recalling 1,139 of its U-CXG 23 series. 
Japan's Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co. Ltd. (KDD) said on Thursday that its group pre-tax profit grew five percent to 28.2 billion yen (274 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast another increase this year.  The company, which once enjoyed a monopoly on Japan's international telcommunications but now faces competition form two rival consortiums, said consolidated revenue rose by 3.7 percent from a year earlier to 260 billion yen. 
National oil firm Petronas is scouting for a new partner among US, British and Japanese companies to set up Malaysia's long-delayed second crude refinery, officials said on Thursday.  The proposed four billion ringgit (1.6 billion) sour crude refinery, with facilities for processing up to 100,000 barrels per day (bpd), is presently a joint-venture project between Petronas and United States' Conoco Inc. 
Williams-Renault have confirmed David Coulthard as partner for Damon Hill in Sunday's Spanish Grand Prix here.  Coulthard, 23, the official Williams test driver since the start of the season, effectively replaces three-times world champion Ayrton Senna who was killed at Imola on May 1. 
Japan's Kansai Electric Power Co. Inc. said on Thursday that its pre- tax profit fell 10.7 percent to 110.4 billion yen (1.07 billion dollars) in the year to March and forecast another fall this year.  The Osaka-based utility, the country's second-biggest power company and one of the largest electricity generators worldwide, said revenue grew 0.2 percent from a year earlier to 2,372 billion yen. 
The UN World Food Programme (WFP) has started an airlift of high- protein biscuits from Italy for Rwandan refugees encamped in northern Tanzania, WFP announced in a statement released here on Thursday.  The statement said a US-funded DC-8 aircraft carrying 30 tonnes of high-protein biscuits, donated to WFP by Australia, left the Italian city of Pisa on Wednesday for Entebbe in Uganda, from where the consignment will be trucked to Ngara and Murongo refugee camps in northern Tanzania. 
South Africa's annualised inflation rate, measured by the Consumer Price Index (CPI), fell to 7.1 percent in April, the lowest for more than 21 years, the official central statistical services (CSS) said Thursday.  April's rate was 1.9 percent lower than March's 9 percent, CSS said. 
Japan's Mitsui Engineering and Shipbuilding Co. Ltd. said on Thursday that its pre-tax earnings plunged 32.5 percent to 6.3 billion yen (61 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast another decline this year.  The company, one of the country's leading shipbuilders, said revenues declined 5.2 percent from a year earlier to 301 billion yen. 
Singapore's Trade and Industry Minister Yeo Cheow Tong on Thursday called on Asian countries to resist attempts by some developed nations to impose standards for social or environmental protection as disguised forms of protectionism.  Yeo said there was a need to convince the developed countries that "Asian growth will result in a win-win situation for all" and that protectionism in any form would be detrimental to everybody. 
Some 1,000 victims of the Gulf war will share in the first compensation payments of about three million dollars to be made within two weeks, it was announced here Thursday.  Carlos Alzamorra, secretary of the UN-sponsored compensation commission, said the first to receive payments, averaging 2,500 to 3,000 dollars per person, were among those injured or having lost relatives during the course of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990. 
Japan's biggest food company, Ajinomoto Co. Inc., said on Thursday that its group pre-tax earnings fell 15.6 percent to 23.5 billion yen (228 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast a flat year ahead.  The company, known throughout Asia for its monosodium glutamate (MSG) food seasoning, said consolidated sales fell almost two percent to 675 billion yen. 
Germany's opposition Social Democratic Party (SDP) is expected to win the June 12 European elections here, according to an opinion poll published Thursday in the daily Frankfurter Rundschau.  The poll, carried out by the INFAS institute, has the SDP leading by 39 percent in the elections against 35 percent for Chancelor Helmut Kohl's Christian Democrat/Christian Socialist (CDU/CSU) alliance. 
The Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe (CSCE) is deeply concerned about Crimea's recent move for greater autonomy from the Ukraine, a CSCE communique issued here Thursday said.  It added that the CSCE's permanent committee, which meets here weekly, wants to see a negotiated settlement to the political crisis sparked last week after Crimea's parliament passed a resolution to implement a 1922 constitution, a move seen as tantamount to a declaration of independence from Kiev. 
The German and Russian military are planning joint manoeuvres on Russian soil next year and on German soil in 1996, German defence ministry sources said Thursday.  Warships of the two countries' naval forces are already to hold joint manoeuvres this year in the Baltic Sea. 
Italian Endrio Leoni won a photo-finish sprint to take the fifth stage of the Tour of Italy here on Thursday.  It was his second success of the Giro, after he won a mass sprint on Sunday at Bologna. 
NATO Thursday officially denied that Secretary General Manfred Woerner, who missed two North Atlantic Treaty Organisation meetings earlier this week through illness, was to resign his post.  A spokesman told reporters "the secretary general has not resigned and has no intention of resigning." 
South Africa's annualised inflation rate, measured by the Consumer Price Index (CPI), dropped to 7.1 percent in April, the lowest in more than 21 years, the official Central Statistical Services (CSS) said Thursday.  April's rate was 1.9 percent lower than March's 9 percent, CSS said. 
English double winners Manchester United were poised to sign Blackburn Rovers defender David May on Thursday to strengthen next season's European Cup challenge.  May, who has had talks with United manager Alex Feguson, is out of contract with the Ewood Park club and has been unhappy with the new deal offered to him by Rovers boss Kenny Dalglish. 
The European Commission announced Thursday it would send 300,000 ecu (345,000 dollars) of emergency humanitarian aid to civilian victims of the war in Yemen, a spokesman said.  The aid from the European Union's executive will go to finance the purchase, transport and distribution of medication and medical equipment and first aid. 
Kazakhstan's Foreign Minister Kanat Saudabayev left the capital Almaty Thursday for Brussels, where he will sign Friday his country's membership of the Partnership for Peace program, the ITAR-TASS agency said.  Eighteen countries, including 16 former communist states, have already signed the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation program providing for increased military cooperation between the Atlantic Alliance and former Soviet bloc states. 
International talks called by a four-way contact group on a ceasefire and a territorial division of Bosnia wound up in this Alpine hideaway Thursday after two days of closed-door discussions.  A diplomat close to the talks here said earlier in the day that international negotiators were considering presenting a take-it-or- leave-it peace plan to Bosnia's belligerants, as none of the warring parties had given ground over their opposition to European Union (EU) proposals to carve up the country. 
New Zealand were summoned to an extra net practice by coach Geoff Howarth after crashing to defeat by an innings and 33 runs against Yorkshire on Thursday.  The tourists resumed on the third morning needing another 137 to make Yorkshire bat again, but never looked remotely liked doing so once opener Blair Hartland had fallen to Peter Hartley without addition to his overnight 60. 
Nobel-prize winner and former dissident Alexander Solzhenitsyn arrives here Friday, but local people in this far east port show little more than curiosity at his return after 20 years in exile.  "I tried to read the Gulag Archipelago, but I dropped it, it's a funny sort of language," said Dmitri Silankiev, a 17-year-old student at the naval school here when asked about Solzhenitsyn's major opus on life in Russia's prison camps. 
British sport has reported a fall in positive drug tests over the last year.  Tests by the Sports Council unearthed 41 positives, seven fewer than in the previous 12 months. 
Four men armed with submachineguns and a grenade took about 30 people including 10 schoolchildren hostage Thursday in a bus in southern Russia and demanded 10 million dollars in ransom and a getaway helicopter, officials said.  The gunmen hijacked the bus near the town of Mineralnoye Vody in the afternoon as it travelled from the North Ossetian city of Vladikavkaz en route to the southern Russian city of Stavropol. 
The authorities in Sanaa on Thursday said they had rejected a Saudi call for the UN Security Council to try to end the three-week conflict in Yemen through a ceasefire and arms embargo.  Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani told reporters here the Saudi proposal constituted "interference in Yemeni internal affairs." 
Vietnam and the United States announced Thursday they will open diplomatic offices in their capitals in a major step towards resuming full relations 19 years after Washington pulled out of the country, Hanoi announced Thursday.  US Assistant Secretary of State Winston Lord and Vice Foreign Minister Le Mai exchanged letters on May 20 and 21 agreeing to the opening of liaison offices in Hanoi and Washington, the Vietnamese foreign ministry said. 
Iraq on Thursday denied US charges that it had used chemical or biological weapons in the 1991 Gulf war, saying the "Jewish lobby in Washington" was behind the allegations.  An official spokesman quoted by the state-run Iraqi news agency INA accused "American circles and the Jewish lobby in Washington of deceiving the Congress and hiding the real causes of the mysterious ailment" afflicting tens of thousands of US veterans of the war. 
Blue-chip stocks zigzagged in a rudderless market Thursday as bond interest rates held steady.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials slipped 1.23 point to 3,754.07 at 11:00 a.m. (1500 GMT). Roughly 83 million shares were traded on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Standard and Poors said Thursday it had lifted surveillance on Walt Disney Company's senior debt and kept its ratings unchanged.  S and P affirmed its "A-1+" commercial paper and "AA-" rating on Disney's 1.2-billion-dollar senior debt as it removed the ratings from CreditWatch, where they were placed last February 17. 
Greece on Thursday rejected Turkish accusations that it has trained guerilla units in the separatist Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) to carry out attacks on economic, military and tourist targets.  The accusations were "totally unfounded" and part of a "campaign of defamation" being waged by Turkey against Greece, Constantin Bikas, spokesman for the Greek foreign ministry said. 
Prime ministers John Major of Britain and Albert Reynolds of Ireland were meeting here Thursday night after Sinn Fein promised an answer to their joint peace declaration on Northern Ireland.  The talks were described by Major's office as "informal," intended to take stock of their governments' respective efforts to come up with guidelines before the summer for an eventual resumption of all-party peace talks. 
Italian Endrio Leoni won a photo-finish mass sprint to take the fifth stage of the Tour of Italy here on Thursday.  It was his second success of the Giro, after he won a mass sprint on the opening day of the race at Bologna. 
Cambodia's Khmer Rouge guerrillas agreed to proposals for a nationwide ceasefire on the eve of peace talks with Cambodian government leaders in North Korea.  The rebel faction announced it would accept a ceasefire proposed by King Norodom Sihanouk and agree to establish a joint ceasefire commission, but added that it would insist on international observers to ensure fighting stopped. 
The Crimean parliament on Thursday postponed "at least until Friday" a decision on whether to suspend independence moves which have put the Russian-dominated peninsula on a collision course with Kiev.  The parliament designated four deputies and five jurists to study compromise proposals brought back Wednesday from Kiev after talks there between Crimean and Ukrainian representatives. 
President Bill Clinton was negotiating with Congressmen Thursday the final details of what sanctions if any he would attach to his renewal of China's trade privileges, but there was still no word on when he would announce a decision.  "I can't totally rule out that it will happen today. But as of right now, there is nothing scheduled for today," White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers said. 
England have made only one change to the team that lost 21-6 to Natal to do duty against Transvaal at Ellis Park here on Saturday.  Fullback Paul Hull comes in for David Pears, who tour ended in injury. 
Michael Chang, bidding to regain the French Open title he won in 1989, survived an early lapse in a start-stop clash with Jordi Arrese to march impressively into the third round on Wednesday.  A frustrating series of interruptions for rain meant that the 2h 47min Chang spent on court compiling his 4-6, 6-0, 6-4, 6-2 victory was spread over nearly seven hours. 
English county Kent may seek legal advice over their controversial bowl-out defeat by Warwickshire in the quarter final of the Benson and Hedges Cup.  The Test and County Cricket Board received an official complaint from Kent on Thursday, in which Warwickshire were accused of negligence in their handling of the tie, which was abandoned on Tuesday and Wednesday. 
United States manager Bora Milatonovic is allowing midfielder John Harkes to join his World Cup squad two days late so he can play in a key club match.  Harkes, 27, will line up for Derby County in the First Division play- off final against Leicester City at Wembley on Monday. Victory would win the Rams a place in the Premiership. 
Russia reacted frostily Thursday as a new European plan for averting conflicts over border and minority disputes in eastern Europe came under the spotlight at an international summit here.  Separately, in a further sign of the European Union looking east, French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl proposed that would-be EU members in eastern Europe be invited to attend union summits. 
Occidental Petroleum said Thursday that the Vietnamese government had approved its application to drill for oil off Vietnam, the first such authorisation since the US embargo was lifted earlier this year.  Occidental holds a 45 percent stake in the 3,260 square kilometer (1,300 square miles) area in the South China Sea and will drill for oil with APN Petroleum, which holds 55 percent. 
Ten days after general elections here, the Dominican Republic finds itself in a political dead end with no winner and no sign of a way out of the electoral impasse.  No sooner had the polls closed May 15 than the crisis erupted with opposition  presidential candidate, Jose Francisco Pena Gomez, accusing backers of President Joaquin Balaguer of stealing the elections. 
The four armed men who took a busload of about 50 people hostage in southern Russia released seven of the eight children they were holding, Stavropol police chief General Ivan Tetereviatnikov told AFP by telephone.  The hostage-takers were still holding one child and 19 adults, he said. Shortly after seizing control of the vehicle early in the afternoon, the hostage takers released eight men, followed later by the release of another 15 men. 
President Ali Abdallah Saleh's government on Thursday rejected a Saudi proposal for the UN Security Council to try to end the three-week conflict in Yemen through a ceasefire and arms embargo.  Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani told reporters here the Saudi proposal constituted "interference in Yemeni internal affairs." 
Russia has set no preconditions for joining NATO's Partnership for Peace (PFP) programme but wants the alliance to respond to a series of proposals for cooperation before signing up, Defence Minister Pavel Grachev said Thursday.  He presented the proposals, notably on creating a mechanism for consultation on security issues worldwide, and on increased military and political cooperation, to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation Wednesday. 
South African Foreign Minister Alfred Nzo and Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe on Thursday discussed the future of five South Africans serving life jail terms for spying for the former apartheid regime.  Nzo, on his first visit to Zimbabwe since South Africa's all-race government came to power earlier this month, said he had discussed the delicate issue with Mugabe, but refused to give details. 
Prices on the London Metals Exchange (LME) closed lower across the board on Thursday, suffering profit-taking as the market appeared generally overbought, dealers said.  "There was a bit of position liquidation on all the metals, but over all this is to be expected on the run-ups we've had recently. It's all very orderly though, there's no panic yet and you have to expect some profit-taking to relieve the overbought situation," one trader said. 
Severiano Ballesteros swallowed his disappointment on Thursday over the venue for the 1997 Ryder Cup and pledged to do his best to make the match a success.  Ballesteros said: "I think that it is great that Spain will be the host. 
Hungary plans to open an international centre here for training UN and NATO peacekeeping troops, a defense ministry official was quoted as saying Thursday.  State Secretary Rudolf Joo told the daily newspaper Magyar Hirlap that the centre would open within one to two months as part of Hungary's cooperation with the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation under its Partnership for Peace program. 
"It's very unfortunate that the tie had to be settled in this manner, but it was and the draw has been made for the semi-final.  "Warwickshire may have made errors of judgment leading up to the match but their covering of the pitch more than conformed to the minimum requirement set out in the rules of the competition." 
Battered and bedraggled Rwandan soldiers started fleeing the embattled capital Kigali on Thursday as rebels appeared on the verge of taking the city despite an agreement to open ceasefire talks, military sources in Kigali said.  A special United Nations envoy meanwhile said the rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF) had agreed to open discussions about a ceasefire with the army on Monday, a UN spokesman said. 
A law banning both violent and peaceful blocking of abortion clinics went into effect Thursday.  President Bill Clinton signed the bill into law, saying that crowds of anti-abortion protestors trying to block women from entering the clinics were an extreme threat to women's rights and law and order. 
English Premiership club Tottenham Hotspur will face a Football Association Commission on June 14 to answer charges of irregular payments to players.  If the commission finds Spurs guilty they could be relegated to the First Division, although a heavy fine is more likely. 
The dollar remained weak in Europe on Thursday and held its ground only because dealers feared central bank intervention, dealers said.  The dollar closed at 1.6415 marks from 1.6440 at the close here on Wednesday and at 104.30 yen from 104.45. 
Ugandan fishermen are being paid to help stop thousands of bodies from ethnic massacres in Rwanda from floating into Lake Victoria, officials said Thursday.  Ugandan authorities and charity organisations have provided the fishermen on Lake Victoria with strong nets to help them trap the floating corpses at a narrow bend on the Kagera river before it enters the lake. 
Share prices here rallied from an initial sharp loss to the lowest levels since September, to show a net loss of one point of 0.3 percent at 3,019.7 points in the Footsie index of leading shares on Thursday.  On Wednesday it had fallen by 2.2 percent in response to turbulence on bond markets, and early on Thursday it fell by 16 points. The recovery later was attributed to technical factors. 
Four men armed with submachineguns and a grenade held half a busload of passengers hostage in southern Russia Thursday and demanded 10 million dollars in ransom and a getaway helicopter, officials said.  The hostage-takers released seven out of eight schoolchildren they were holding and let 15 men go, to add to eight men they had freed shortly after seizing control of the bus. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin is expected to sign a partnership deal with the European Union at the EU summit meeting on the Greek island of Corfu next month, Greek officials said Thursday.  Greek European Affairs Minister Theodore Pangalos told AFP the conditions seemed right for the deal to be signed at the summit. 
A workman was injured late Thursday when a bomb exploded at a construction site on the outskirts of Belfast, police said.  The loyalist militia group, Ulster Freedom Fighters, claimed the attack. 
President Bill Clinton ordered the director of the Agency for International Developmment (AID) to the Horn of Africa to assess disaster conditions threatening 20 million people, the White House said Thursday.  Brian Atwood was scheduled to leave Washington Friday, leading a delegation of members of congress and representatives of non- governmental organizations to Ethiopia, Eritrea and Kenya, the White House statement said. 
Congress, haunted by the costly thrifts bailout, took up the issue of risky financial derivatives this week as the White House and federal agencies argued against the need for more regulation.  Recently announced losses by several major banks and businesses -- among them Bankers Trust, JP Morgan, Procter and Gamble, and Mead -- that used these complex financial instruments have raised the specter of the 1980s savings and loan failures that have cost taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars. 
Eurotunnel moved on Thursday to raise about 1.5 billion pounds (2.25 billion dollars) to plug holes in the finances of its link beneath the Channel from England to France.  Meanwhile in Paris managing director Georges Chazot said the company was claiming four billion francs (715 million dollars) from an entity formed by the British Rail and French SNCF railway companies for breach of promise concerning infrastructure and rolling stock. 
Irish promoter Barney Eastwood claimed on Thursday he would take legal proceedings against the World Boxing Organisation and demanded a rematch between his fighter Ray Close and Englishman Chris Eubank.  The move follows super-middleweight champion Eubank's controversial victory over Close here last Saturday, during which the judges' scores varied wildly and WBO supervisor Alice Richardson then lost the master scoring card. 
Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic flew Thursday to Zagreb for emergency talks on the situation in the Bihac pocket in northwestern Bosnia, under Serb attack, Bosnia's representative said here.  Silajdzic, who headed his delegation at two days of peace talks in the French lake resort of Talloires, near Switzerland, flew from Geneva aboard the same plane taking back the Bosnian Croat delegation, Mustapha Bijedic said. 
The agreement by the United States and Vietnam to open liaison offices marks a new step in relations between the two countries, but there is still a long way to go before they can restore full diplomatic ties.  "There remain many technical and substantive issues that will have to be resolved between our two governments before full normalization of relations can be realized," Assistant Secretary of State for Asia- Pacific affairs Winston Lord said in a letter to Vietnam last Friday. 
Twelve percent of French voters would back a "Sarajevo" list of candidates protesting against western policy over Bosnia if the group carries out its threat to stand in next month's European elections, a poll showed.  The survey by pollsters IPSOS showed 12 percent would back the "Europe begins at Sarajevo" list in the June 12 elections to the European parliament. The poll is to be published in the Saturday edition of the weekly Le Point. 
A missile attack by northern forces wounded 12 people in the southern Yemeni capital Aden on Thursday, Aden radio said in a report monitored by the BBC.  They were hurt by shrapnel from a missile which was destroyed by the city's air defences, the radio said. A second missile plunged harmlessly into the sea. 
The dollar strengthened against other major currencies here Thursday in a calm market dominated by technical factors.  Gold, meanwhile, fell to 384.80 dollars an ounce, down 1.80 dollar from late Wednesday. 
British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd said Thursday that Britain could not maintain a military presence in Bosnia forever, but declined to say whether London would call for an early pull-out if peace talks fail to make progress.  "It can't be an everlasting presence. It has justified itself up to now. We believe it will continue to justify itself, but we certainly have no desire to keep British troops indefinitely in Bosnia," he said. 
Zairean President Mobutu sese Seko has recommended the immediate demilitarisation of the Rwandan capital of Kigali, the Zairois Press Agency AZAP said Thursday.  "It is vital to declare Kigali and an area up to 20 kilometres around the town neutral," the Zairean president said. 
Russia has instructed its ambassador to the UN to initiate a Security Council debate on attacks by Bosnian government forces against Bosnian Serbs, a foreign ministry spokesman said here Thursday.  "Moscow is concerned at reports from different sources over the past few days" referring to Bosnian government forces going on the offensive in different parts of the country, spokesman Grigory Karasin told the press. 
Four armed men who took a busload of about 50 people hostage in southern Russia Thursday released the last of the eight children they were holding captive, the local police chief said.  Stavropol police chief General Ivan Tetereviatnikov told AFP by telephone that after the latest release, the hostage-takers were still holding 13 adults. 
Dan Rostenkowski, one of Congress' most influential members and key to President Bill Clinton's health care reform, was facing political ruin Thursday over charges he abused his office.  The Illinois Democrat has until Tuesday to decide whether to accept a plea bargain which would end his 36-year political career but let him off with a short prison term or face a lengthy trial and almost certain conviction. 
Michael Stich joined Stefan Edberg among the 'also-rans' at the French Open on Thursday when he was beaten in straight-sets in the second- round by Aaron Krickstein of the United States.  Stich, seeded second and with high hopes of winning the title after excellent results at the World Team Cup in Dusseldorf last week, had said before Thursday's clash that he could see no reason why an attacking player could not win the world's supreme clay court test. 
Close of play scores in Thursday's English county championship matches:  Hove: Sussex v Glamorgan. No play, rain. 
Derbyshire battled through a traumatic opening day in their English county championship match against Nottinghamshire, which included losing two players before the start of play.  In the only other match to escape the rain, Lancashire's England A batsman John Crawley hit an unbeaten 119 against Somerset in front of full England captain Mike Atherton. 
Angola's rebel UNITA movement blamed the government Thursday for slow progress in marathon peace talks here, accusing Luanda of delaying implementation of the power-sharing plan intended to secure an end to civil war.  As negotiators from both sides prepared to resume meetings here Thursday, Jorge Valentim, spokesman of the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA), warned the government to stop "playing around with mere words" over the issue. 
President Bill Clinton is expected to announce his decision on renewing China's most favored nation (MFN) trading status at 4:30 p.m (2030 GMT) Thursday, the White House said.  Clinton was likely to announce that he was renewing China's MFN but with some limited sanctions because of its human rights record, informed sources said. 
China and the United States have agreed a formula to resolve the problem of US complaints of jamming of Voice of America radio broadcasts, a State Department spokesman said Thursday.  The announcement of clear progress in an area targeted by President Bill Clinton a year ago came as Clinton was preparing to announce whether China had made sufficient progress on human rights to warrant renewal of its most favored nation (MFN) trading status. 
Welsh international striker Dean Saunders denied on Thursday he deliberately "went over the top" with the tackle that ended former Chelsea captain Paul Elliott's career.  Asked by his own counsel in the High Court, Antony Berrisford, whether he could have "realistically" done anything else in the situation, Saunders replied: "No, it was just fate." 
President Bill Clinton is expected to announce his decision on renewing China's most favored nation (MFN) trading status at 4:30 p.m (2030 GMT) Thursday, the White House said.  Clinton was likely to announce that he was renewing China's MFN but with some limited sanctions because of its human rights record, informed sources said. 
Brazilian international defender Aloisio signed a new deal with Portuguese club FC Porto here on Thursday.  Manager Bobby Robson has also signed Brazilian midfielder Emerson on a four-year deal from Belenenses. 
The neo-Nazi Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) cast doubts Thursday on a planned meeting between its leader, Eugene Terre'Blanche, and President Nelson Mandela.  Mandela announced Wednesday that he was due to hold talks with Terre'Blanche Monday as part of an initiative designed to draw the white right-wing into South Africa's new political fold. 
President Bill Clinton's expected announcement Thursday of renewal of China's trade status, coupled with some symbolic sanctions, spells the end of his policy of pressuring Beijing to ease up on dissent.  It also marks a return to the pragmatism that characterized US-Chinese relations under former president George Bush -- an ironic turn for Clinton, who as a candidate accused Bush of coddling the Chinese leadership. 
Athens warned Tirana Thursday it would take all legal steps to protect the ethnic Greek minority in Albania, amid escalating tensions between the two countries over the treatment and status of the community.  Greek Foreign Minister Carolos Papoulias charged that Albanian authorities, who last week charged a group of ethnic Greeks with secessionist offences, had now arrested other members of the community. 
The next round of Bosnia peace talks between the republic's warring parties and the four-way international contact group will take place June 6 and 7 in Talloires, southeast France, a diplomatic source said Thursday.  Two days of talks on a ceasefire and a territorial division of Bosnia wound up in Talloires Thursday. The source close to the talks said they had made some progress. 
French club Saint Etienne sacked coach Jacques Santini here on Thursday, citing poor results.  The 42-year-old, a former player at the club who had 12 months of his contract still to run, had been in charge at the club for two years. 
Forty-nine people died in two separate bus accidents in the Eastern Transvaal province of South Africa Thursday, police said.  At Lothair, 36 foresty workers were killed when their bus lost control and plunged into a dam. Police said they believed most of the victims had drowned. 
PLO chief Yasser Arafat has been treated twice for exhaustion in the past week, spending the night in a hospital here on Monday, Palestinian colleagues said Thursday.  Tunisian and Palestinian doctors advised Arafat to rest after a medical examination last Friday but after suffering a relapse Monday he was admitted to the military hospital in Tunis where he underwent more tests, they said. 
The sunshine states of California and Florida are stepping up their battle to win back their reputation as tourist paradises following a string of vicious attacks on foreign tourists.  Police patrols are being beefed up around airports and car rental offices in both states as two California teenagers await trial in a brutal attack on two German tourists, that left a woman dead and her husband fighting for his life. 
President Ali Abdallah Saleh's government on Thursday rejected a Saudi proposal for the UN Security Council to try to end the three-week conflict in Yemen through a ceasefire and arms embargo.  Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani told reporters here the Saudi proposal constituted "interference in Yemeni internal affairs." 
A senior north Yemeni leader on Thursday repeated a warning to Arab states against recognising the breakaway southern state, saying such a move would be considered a hostile act against Yemen.  Parliament speaker Abdullah al-Ahmar issued the warning after a four- hour meeting with United Arab Emirates (UAE) President Sheikh Zayed ibn Sultan al-Nahayan. 
Russian special forces units late Thursday gave arms and drugs to four men holding 13 mostly female hostages aboard a bus at Mineralnye Vody, southern Russia, interior ministry sources said.  The commando units took the weapons and materials the hostage-takers demanded in return for releasing most of the 50 hostages they had seized earlier in the day, the source said. 
A law banning both violent and peaceful blocking of abortion clinics went into effect Thursday.  President Bill Clinton signed the bill into law, saying that crowds of anti-abortion protestors trying to block women from entering the clinics were an extreme threat to women's rights and law and order. 
The first compensation payments for victims of the Gulf War will be made within the next two weeks, an official said here Thursday, adding that the initial payout will total around three million dollars.  The money, from Iraqi funds frozen abroad, will be paid out mostly to citizens of Kuwait, Jordan, Britain, France, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and the United States. 
An official from the Tajik security ministry was killed in an attack in a central town of the ex-Soviet republic, the Interfax news agency reported Thursday.  Colonel Guravli Kadirov, 42, was killed by automatic gunfire at his father's house in the town of Garm, on Wednesday evening, the agency said quoting ministry sources. 
The United States said Thursday it had expelled Iraqi's top diplomat in Washington for activities incompatible with the rules governing the Iraqi interest section.  State Department spokesman Michael McCurry said the diplomat, based in Washington, Adnan Malik, had engaged in political activity and other actions violating a 1991 agreement with Baghdad. 
Nelson Mandela saw English Premier division club Liverpool score the second victory of their South African soccer safari here Thursday, defeating Cape Town Spurs 3-0.  South Africa's new president was among the capacity 20,000 crowd who saw Liverpool coast to victory in the first football match staged at Newlands cricket stadium. 
Burma's National Convention, charged with drafting a new constitution for the country, is a "farce" aimed at keeping the ruling military junta in power, a top convention delegate said Thursday.  "I have lost all faith in the National Convention," said Daniel Aung, who has defected to the opposition, at a press conference in this opposition stronghold near the Thai border, about 700 kilometres (420 miles) northwest of Bangkok. 
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Luben Berov won Thursday a confidence vote from lawmakers by 125 votes in favour to 95 against with one abstention, parliamentary officials said.  Berov, 68, demanded the confidence vote to give him the mandate to implement the programme of his non-party interim government until general elections scheduled for the autumn. 
Forceful action was needed to stop the killing in Rwanda and restore law and order in the war-torn country said UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali here Thursday.  "If we do not intervene in a situation where over a quarter of a million people are reported to have been killed in a few weeks, where will be intervene?" Boutros-Ghali said. 
PLO chief Yasser Arafat has been treated twice for stress and exhaustion in the past week, spending the night in a hospital here on Monday, colleagues said Thursday.  Tunisian and Palestinian doctors advised Arafat to rest after a medical examination last Friday, but after suffering a relapse Monday he was admitted to the military hospital in Tunis where he underwent more tests, they said. 
Memories of the late Ayrton Senna invade Emerson Fittipaldi's mind as he tries to set aside his grief and concentrate on winning Sunday's Indianapolis 500.  "I try to concentrate on the race and I think of Ayrton," Fittipaldi said after Thursday's final practice session here. "His presence is always there on my mind." 
Pakistan's Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto said Thursday her country had put forward counter-proposals to a US plan for non-intrusive inspections of Pakistan's nuclear installations.  The proposals were passed on to Washington by President Farooq Ahmed Leghari, who is in the United States on a private visit, she said at a press conference here. 
The dollar strengthened Thursday against the other major currencies in quiet trading that analysts said was dominated by cover purchases.  Gold fell 2.80 dollars from Wednesday's closing price to 383.80 dollars an ounce. 
The Spanish Grand Prix was under threat here on Thursday after Formula One's drivers and team bosses considered a boycott following a row over new safety measures.  The drivers, who agreed to meet again on Friday, have yet to be convinced the circuit for Sunday's race is safe, while their managers looked on course for a trial-of-strength with governing body FIA. 
Chuck Daly, who coached the US Dream Team at the Barcelona Olympics, resigned Thursday as coach of the New Jersey Nets National Basketball Association team.  Daly had one year left on his three-year, four-million-dollar coaching contract, and said he would stay with the club for two more years working in another capacity. 
A gunman and an accomplice charged with involvement in the February massacre of 16 worshippers in an Omdurman mosque are to stand trial next month for murder, the Sudan News Agency (SUNA) said Thursday.  Three gunmen opened fire in the attack in the Sudanese twin capital in which 16 worshippers were killed and 20 others wounded. 
US food giant Heinz said Thursday it has begun negotiations with Glaxo India to buy the Bombay-based company's Family Products Division.  The transaction, in which a Heinz susidiary would buy the Indian food company, has been approved by both companies' boards of directors. But the deal is subject to further negotiations and must be authorized by the Indian government and Glaxo shareholders. 
Blue chip stocks were down slightly Thursday at a the end of a session in which there was no strong direction to the market.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was down 1.84 point to 3,753.46. 
A Greenpeace ship blocked the first British submarine test-firing of at US-made Trident missile Thursday off the coast of Florida in a protest against nuclear proliferation.  A helicopter from the environmental group's ship Solo and four inflatable rafts forced the British submarine HMS Vanguard to halt the launch of an unarmed missile about 80 kilometers (50 miles) east of Cape Canaveral. 
Faced with few options on storage for weapons-grade plutonium, US authorities are studying the possibility of using military bases to be closed as interim storage sites, officials said Thursday.  Energy undersecretary Charles Curtis told a Senate panel the use of military bases was one of a range of options for storing plutonium from dismantled warheads over the next 10 to 20 years. 
Mozambique's RENAMO armed opposition is promoting its leader to be the sole opposition candidate in October's presidential elections, observors to the first national congress of opposition parties said Thursday.  The two-day congress which opened on Thursday in the southern town of Xai-Xai said it was clear that RENAMO was manoeuvering to have Afonso Dhlakama proclaimed the opposition's champion in the contest with incumbent President Joaquim Chissano. 
The Thai Air Force has announced it will pre-screen news reports by a national radio service here, as the Thai Army banned political- oriented programs from another service, radio officials said Thursday.  Independent News Network (INN), which broadcasts on a frequency leased by the Thai Air Force, will have its news reports screened 30 minutes in advance of broadcast, an INN official told AFP. 
President Bill Clinton announced Thursday he was renewing China's most favored nation (MFN) trading status for another year. 
President Bill Clinton announced Thursday he was delinking human rights from China's most favored nation status. 
Pole-sitter Al Unser Jnr and reigning champion Emerson Fittipaldi took confidence but little else from Thursday's final practice session for Sunday's Indianapolis 500.  Cool and windy conditions kept speeds low and provided poor preparation for expected hot race conditions. Teams tested equipment but were cautious. 
President Bill Clinton announced Thursday he was renewing China's most favored nation trading status for another year and delinking the trade issue from human rights for the future.  But he said he would impose limited sanctions on Beijing to pressure it to continue to improve its human rights record. 
President Bill Clinton announced Thursday he was renewing China's most favored nation trading status for another year and delinking the trade issue from human rights for the future.  But he said he would impose limited sanctions on Beijing to pressure it to continue to improve its human rights record. 
Efforts by FIFA and World Cup organizers to talk Washington police out of fencing in the pitch at RFK Stadium have failed, city officials said Thursday.  Washington police plan to erect a six-foot (2m), chain-link fence in a bid to prevent pitch invasions during the five World Cup matches to be played here. 
President Bill Clinton announced Thursday he was renewing China's most favored nation trading status for another year and ending the policy of linking trade issues and human rights.  But he said he would impose limited sanctions on Beijing to pressure it to continue to improve its human rights record. 
Key exports and imports in the 40 billion dollar annual US-China trade:-  (Figures in millions of dollars) 
Authorities handed arms and drugs to four armed men holding 13 hostages aboard a bus in southern Russia late Thursday, as the kidnap drama continued with authorities apparently keen to placate the gunmen.  The 10 million dollars demanded by the gunmen earlier in the day had been flown to the scene, accompanied by special anti-organized-crime forces, said ministry sources. 
A senior White House aide was forced to resign Thursday after it was discovered he had used a presidential helicopter to go golfing.  David Watkins, White House director of administration, and others were photographed boarding the presidential chopper after playing golf at the Holly Hills Country Club near New Market, Maryland. 
Debate on a whale sancturary headed toward a final showdown Thursday at the International Whaling Commission meeting, with observers expecting a compromise on a protection zone in southern waters.  Observers said the latest compromise offered by Chile, Ireland and Mexico, including 90 percent of the protection zone originally proposed by France, had a chance of being adopted late Thursday or Friday. 
The killing of a policeman playing the role of a football hooligan during a practice run has reinforced fears that US security forces might overreact if there is any trouble during the World Cup.  An investigation has been ordered in California where the policemen was shot dead on a train by a fellow officer. 
US business leaders hailed President Bill Clinton's decision Thursday to renew China's most favored nation (MFN) trading status, but human rights activists expressed disappointment.  Senate Majority leader George Mitchell, one of the spearheads of the drive for a tougher stand against Beijing meanwhile said he disagreed with Clinton's action and will introduce legislation seeking stiffer measures. 
A total of 270 pilgrims were killed in Monday's stampede at Mecca, Saudi authorities announced on Thursday.  An official Saudi spokesman, quoted by the Saudi news agency SPA said on Thursday that the toll included people killed on Monday and those who had died since in hospital from their injuries. 
With 750 million dollars in revenue guaranteed, sponsorship deals have met half of the 1994 World Cup budget of 1.5 billion dollars.  "We have already met our objectives," World Cup spokesman John Griffin said less than a month before the start of the tournament. 
The United States will begin broadcasting programs on Chinese television and increase its Voice of America (VOA) radio broadcasts, it was announced Thursday.  "The administration will step up efforts to ensure that the Chinese people are fully informed about the developments in China and throughout the world," said a statement from White House. 
The Galata bridge across the Golden Horn waterway in Istabul, which was partially destroyed in a fire in 1992, will reopen to traffic on Sunday after being rebuilt further upstream, Istanbul city officials said Thursday.  The old two-tier bridge, built in 1912 at the mouth of the Golden Horn, was one of the city's main tourist attractions. 
A rose pink corset, designed by Jean-Paul Gaultier and worn by pop star Madonna during her 1990 concert tour, was sold for 12,100 pounds (18,150 dollars) at Christie's auction house, London, on Thursday.  Also in the sale of pop memorabilia, which fetched a total of 335,885 pounds (503,830 dollars), was an alto saxophone signed by American President Bill Clinton and members of rock group Fleetwood Mac, which fetched 22,000 (33,000 dollars). 
For the second time in three weeks spring storms created havoc on the PGA Tour Thursday, washing out play at the Colonial tournament.  More than half the field even got on the course at the Colonial Country club course at Fort Worth. The club is about 30 miles (48 km) from Dallas where the Byron Nelson Classic was reduced to two rounds two weeks ago because of rain and thunderstorms. 
World Cup organizers are trumpeting a likely sell-out of all 52 matches in the 1994 Finals, but it remains to be seen if football can ignite the passions of America's over-stimulated sports fans.  From the opening match on June 17, which would signal the sporting event of a lifetime in most countries, the Cup will be competing with entrenched US sports. 
Zimbabwe has agreed to supply an infantry battalion for the UN mission in Rwanda, joining Ghana, Senegal and Ethiopia, which have each pledged a battalion to the effort, a UN spokesman said Thursday.  "We are just one battalion short of the five that we need," said UN spokesman Fred Eckhard said at a news conference. "We are reasonably confident that we can get this fifth battalion." 
Herewith the full text of the details of President Bill Clinton's decision to renew China's most favored nation (MFN) status Thursday, as released by the White House:  I: Policy Decisions 
Herewith the full text of the details of President Bill Clinton's decision to renew China's most favored nation (MFN) status Thursday, as released by the White House:  I: Policy Decisions 
Britain the the Irish Republic Thursday called for an immediate end to IRA and loyalist violence in Northern Ireland.  They also issued a veiled warning that unless the IRA's attitude changed, republicans would face being excluded from the peace process. 
Here is the text of President Bill Clinton's announcement Thursday on the renewal of China's most favored nation trading status despite concerns over its human rights record:  "Today I would like to announce a series of important decisions regarding the United States' policy toward China. 
The UN Security Council is considering a resolution or declaration asking battling northern and southern Yemin to return to the negotiating table, British Ambassador Sir David Hannay said Thursday.  Oman's ambassador to the United Nations, Salim Bin Mohammed Al- Khussaiby, was taking an active role in the informal discussions, as was Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States, Prince Bandar Bin Sultan, said Hannay as he arrived at the Security Council. 
A man who sued a bystander for 1.7 million dollars for shooting him while coming to the aid of a police officer must pay the officer 1.75 million dollars, a jury ruled.  Jesus Puentes, now serving a life sentence for assault, sued Lee Lively for shooting him twice in the legs. 
South Africa hopes to retake its seat in the UN General Assembly by the end of June said Vice President Thabo Mbeki Thursday.  The United Nations stripped the South African representatives of their powers in 1974 because of the country's apartheid policies. 
A Greenpeace ship delayed the first British submarine test-firing of at US-made Trident missile Thursday off the coast of Florida in a protest against nuclear proliferation.  A helicopter from the environmental group's ship Solo and four inflatable rafts forced the British submarine HMS Vanguard to halt two launches of an unarmed missile about 80 kilometers (50 miles) east of Cape Canaveral. 
A Greenpeace ship delayed the first British submarine test-firing of at US-made Trident missile Thursday off the coast of Florida in a protest against nuclear proliferation.  A helicopter from the environmental group's ship Solo and four inflatable rafts forced the British submarine HMS Vanguard to halt two launches of an unarmed missile about 80 kilometers (50 miles) east of Cape Canaveral. 
The UN Security Council renewed the mandate of peacekeepers on the strategic Golan Heights seized by Israel from Syria on Thursday.  The mandate was renewed for six months because the situation was a potential power keg even though there is no fighting at present, according to Ibrahim Gambari, the Nigerian ambassador and the president of the UN Security Council for this month. 
The future government of the newly-autonomous Palestinian territories of the Gaza Strip and Jericho held its first meeting at PLO headquarters here Thursday, correspondents on the spot said.  Seventeen of the 19 ministers so far named to serve on the 24-strong Palestinian National Authority were spotted at a photo-session before the start of the meeting, photographers said. 
Nobel-prize winning Russian writer and former dissident Alexander Solzhenitsyn left US soil Thursday after nearly 20 years in exile, flying out to the eastern Russian port of Vladivostok.  "I plan to take an active part in the social life of Russia. And as my voice will be heard, I would like to have some influence on the Russia's health," said Solzhenitsyn moments before boarding his flight. 
President Bill Clinton announced Thursday he was renewing China's most favored nation trading status for another year and abandoning his policy of linking trade issues and human rights.  Clinton backed off his threat of a year ago to revoke MFN if China did not significantly improve its human rights record. He acknowledged abuses persisted but said it was not in Washington's interest to disrupt a 40 billion dollar a year trade relationship. 
Members of the International Whaling Commission approved setting up a whale sanctuary in Antarctic waters Thursday.  Only Japan voted against the proposal to establish the sanctuary in waters below the 40th parallel. 
Nancy Ramsbottom made good use of an early tee time here Thursday, eagling the eighth hole en route to a one-shot lead in the storm- disrupted first round of the Corning Classic women's golf tournament.  Ramsbottom carded an eight-under-par 64, highlighted by the eagle at the 345-yard eighth. 
Israel prefers to shrug off the remarks of PLO leader Yasser Arafat about a "jihad" for Jerusalem and will judge the Palestinians on their "actions" rather than their words, Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin's spokesman said Thursday.  "For us, what is important are the actions on the ground and not wild statements," spokesman Oded Ben Ami told AFP. 
Recently-discovered manuscripts by 17th-century English composer Henry Purcell, including music not played for 300 years, sold for a record 276,500 pounds (414,750 dollars) at Sotheby's, London, Thursday.  The sum, paid by an anonymous bidder, was a world auction record for any British music manuscript. 
The position of shadow home secretary Tony Blair as front-runner in the Labour leadership contest across all social classes is confirmed by the latest MORI poll, published in the Times Friday.  The poll puts Blair, on 29 percent, in the lead across all social classes throughout Britain and confirm Blair's standing as the favourite among Labour supporters and union members, who will play a key part in the balloting in July. 
The dollar opened higher in Tokyo at 104.55 yen, up from the previous day's finish of 104.15 yen.  However, the opening rate was down from New York's late Thursday quote of 104.65 yen. 
A Northwest Airlines DC-10 jet, carrying 259 people, made an emergency landing at Tokyo's Narita airport Friday after developing engine trouble while flying over the Pacific from Nagoya to Honolulu, Hawaii.  The plane, with one of its three engines shut down, touched down safely at Narita at 12:35 a.m. (1535 GMT Thursday) while fire trucks stood by, airline and airport officials said. 
Business leaders hailed President Bill Clinton's decision Thursday to renew China's trade privileges while labor and human rights activists expressed dismay and outrage.  Senate majority leader George Mitchell, a leading critic of Beijing's human rights policy, said he disagreed with Clinton's action to renew most favored nation (MFN) status and would introduce legislation seeking stiffer sanctions. 
Japan's consumer prices in April rose 0.2 percent from the previous month and 0.8 percent from a year earlier, the state management and coordination agency said Friday.  sps 
Members of the International Whaling Commission approved setting up a whale sanctuary in Antarctic waters Thursday after days of heated debate.  With the exception of Japan which cast the sole no vote, delegates accepted a modified French plan. The final proposal calls for the sanctuary to stretch from 40 degrees south latitude. 
Japan's consumer prices in April edged up 0.2 percent from the previous month and 0.8 percent from a year earlier, the state management and coordination agency said Friday.  The agency said that consumer prices in Tokyo alone, a leading indicator of nationwide inflation, also rose 0.2 percent from March and 0.6 percent from a year earlier. 
A UN team is travelling to the Dominican Republic next week to oversee a complete closure of the country's border with Haiti to end violations of an international embargo.  President Joaquin Balaguer, who has opposed the UN sanctions to force Haiti's military from power, ordered a complete closure of the border late Wednesday. 
German lawmakers squeezed a controversial abortion bill through the lower house, the Bundestag, by a four-vote margin Thursday, opening the way for the jailing of fathers who force their partners to have an abortion.  But the opposition Social Democrats (SPD) vowed to block the measure in the upper house, the Bundesrat. 
Italy's new Foreign Minister Antonio Martino rebuked French President Francois Mitterrand for saying that there was a risk of major changes to democracy in Italy under a coalition which includes neo-fascists.  Martino told reporters on the fringes of the Conference on Stability in Europe here that Mitterrand's comments about the presence of the neo-fascist MSI in media magnate Sivlio Berlusconi's government were "unacceptable". 
In abandoning efforts to link China's trade privileges to human rights, President Bill Clinton's new policy is aimed at preserving strategic and economic interests in a region he sees as vital to the United States.  Clinton's announcement Thursday that he would extend most favored nation (MFN) status for China with only limited sanctions is an admission that his policy of threatened reprisals against Beijing had failed. 
The allied invasion of Europe might never have succeeded but for an engineering marvel called the Mulberries, two gargantuan floating harbors that allowed a fully mechanized army to drive onto hostile and heavily fortified shores.  The problem was formidable: move hundreds of thousands of troops, thousands of tanks, trucks and artillery pieces, and thousands of tons of ordnance and supplies onto Normandy beaches where German gunnery bunkers, mines and off-shore tank traps lay in wait. 
China had no immediate reaction Friday to US President Bill Clinton's decision to renew its most favored nation trade status and abandon his policy of linking trade to human rights.  A foreign ministry spokesman said he hoped that a reaction to the overnight  announcement would be forthcoming later Friday morning. 
Presidential elections Sunday may deal a death blow to the political aspirations of Antonio Navarro, former leader of the guerrilla M-19, while reaffirming the power of Colombia's established political parties.  Navarro, 46, had planned to take his rebel organization and build a viable party that would break a century of domination by the Liberal and Conservative parties in this geographically diverse nation of tropical lowlands, Andean highlands and Caribbean and Pacific coasts. 
Nobel literature laureate Alexander Solzhenitsyn arrived back in his native Russia early Friday after 20 years in exile, a correspondent said.  The author of "The Gulag Archipegalo" and "A Day In The Life Of Ivan Denisovich" flew into this far eastern Russian city from Anchorage, Alaska, on a stopover on his way to Vladivostock. 
Nobel literature laureate Alexander Solzhenitsyn arrived back in his native Russia early Friday after 20 years in exile, a correspondent said.  The author of "The Gulag Archipegalo" and "A Day In The Life Of Ivan Denisovich" flew into this far eastern Russian city from Anchorage, Alaska, on a stopover on his way to Vladivostock. 
From Drumochter to Killiecrankie, from Scrabster to Dunvegan on the Isle of Skye, Scots will be recharging their glasses and dabbing their eyes in celebration of the 500th birthday of Scotch whisky on Saturday.  The nation, known to be partial to a dram, will be split between nostalgia and shouting "Down the hatch" as it collectively fills its glasses with the "water of life" -- the world's leading sprit drink -- which contains a minimum 40 percent volume of alcohol. 
Japan's consumer prices in April edged up 0.2 percent from the previous month and 0.8 percent from a year earlier, the state management and coordination agency said Friday.  The agency said that consumer prices in Tokyo alone, a leading indicator of nationwide inflation, also rose 0.2 percent in May from April and 0.6 percent from a year earlier. 
An apparent attempt to launder gold bullion reputedly hidden by former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos via a bogus gold mine in the Cook Islands is revealed in a soon-to-be published book, a business magazine reported Friday.  The author, Ray Smith, founded Goldcorp, a bullion company which went into receivership in July 1988. His book, "Where's the Gold?", goes on sale next week, National Business Review said. 
Japan's Kawasaki Steel Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 32.3 billion yen (314 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 7.5 billion yen a year earlier. 
Japanese department store operator Isetan Co. Ltd. said Friday its pre-tax earnings dropped 13.8 percent from a year earlier to 4.3 billion yen (139 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Japan's Kobe Steel Ltd. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 3.4 billion yen (33 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 14.5 billion yen a year earlier. 
Indonesian police have found evidence for the first time that the tentacles of Hong Kong-based organized crime have taken hold in Jakarta, the Antara news agency said Friday.  "We found evidence of the activity of the Chinese criminal syndicate here when we investigated the killing of businessman Nyo Beng Seng in downtown Jakarta not long ago," Major General Hindarto, head of the Jakarta police, was quoted by Antara as saying. 
Hong Kong heaved a sigh of relief Friday at US President Bill Clinton's decision to renew China's most favored nation (MFN) trading status, with the government calling it "good news" for the colony.  "The decision has removed a significant area of uncertainty in the immediate future," Chief Secretary Anson Chan, second in command to Governor Chris Patten, said in a statement. 
Japan's Mitsui Trust and Banking Co. Ltd. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings dropped 14 percent from a year earlier to 18.1 billion yen (176 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Malaysian property company Insas Bhd has bought a 3.9 percent stake in listed British fabrics firm Liberty Inc to diversify into the textiles trade, news reports said Friday.  Insas, which is listed on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange, acquired the stake in Liberty, whose shares are traded on the London Stock Exchange, for 3.63 million British pounds (5.7 million US), the reports said. 
The number of motor vehicle registrations rose by a seasonally adjusted 11.7 percent in April, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said Friday.  The adjusted figure of 51,092 registrations during the month was 12.2 percent above the level of a year earlier. 
Japan's Kawasaki Steel Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 32.3 billion yen (314 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 7.5 billion yen a year earlier.  The company also suffered a record net loss of 39.1 billion yen following profit of 143 million yen the previous year, blaming valuation losses for subsidiary company stocks and employment costs related to retirement benefits. 
Japan on Friday welcomed President Bill Clinton's decision to renew China's preferential trading status.  "Japan welcomes the latest decision, as it believes US-China relations are very important to the Asia-Pacific region," said government spokesman Horoshi Kumagai. 
China welcomed Friday US President Bill Clinton's decision to renew its most favored nation trade status this year and abandon his policy of linking trade to human rights.  A foreign ministry spokesman said the decision would create favourable conditions for further strengthening and expanding of bilateral trade and economic cooperation and help to improve relations between China and the United States. 
A visit by Emperor Akihito to Pearl Harbor, site of Japan's surprise attack on a US fleet in 1941 which brought America into World War II, was formally dropped Friday from his upcoming US tour.  Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata's cabinet approved an itinerary for the June 10-26 tour of 11 US cities which excludes an earlier plan for the emperor and Empress Michiko to visit the USS Arizona National Memorial at Pearl Harbor. 
Taiwan's economy was showing signs of steady growth, with the government's key economic barometer flashing an encouraging "green light" for April, a government agency said in a report Friday.  "The economy in April remained promising and registered a fifth consecutive green light, with the composite rating advancing to 26 points from 24 points in March," the Council for Economic Planing and Development (CEPD) said. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings plunged 57.7 percent from a year earlier to 21.3 billion yen (207 million dollars) in the year to March. 
The United States decision to renew China's Most-Favored-Nation (MFN) trading status in no way affects US support for Taiwan and Tibet, admininstration officials said Thursday.  President Bill Clinton ended months of speculation Thursday renewing China's MFN status and pledging to delink human rights issues from the renewal of the annual arrangement that gives Chinese products low- tariff access to the US market. 
Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan Ltd. said Friday its consolidated pre- tax earnings dropped 6.1 percent from a year earlier to 56.1 billion yen (545 million dollars) in the year to March.  si-ps 
China welcomed Friday US President Bill Clinton's decision to renew its most-favored-nation status this year and abandon his linkage of trade to human rights, but criticised existing US sanctions against it.  A foreign ministry spokesman said the decision would create favourable conditions for further strengthening and expanding bilateral trade and economic cooperation and help to improve relations between China and the United States. 
Japan's Mazda Motor Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 44.1 billion yen (428 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 6.2 billion yen a year earlier.  si-ps 
Members of the International Whaling Commission voted Thursday to create a huge whale sanctuary in the fertile waters surrounding the Antarctic.  Among those whales protected by the sanctuary are the estimated 1,000 remaining blue whales, which grow to 30 meters (100 feet) and can weigh 150 tonnes, and some 12,000 humpback whales. 
Japan's Sumitomo Metal Industries Ltd. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 33 billion yen (321 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 5.3 billion yen a year earlier. 
Japan's Sumitomo Metal Industries Ltd. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 33 billion yen (321 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 5.3 billion yen a year earlier. 
Japan's Sumitomo Trust and Banking Co. Ltd. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings dropped 24.9 percent from a year earlier to 37.7 billion yen (366 million dollars) in the year to March. 
Japan's Yasuda Trust and Banking Co. Ltd. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings dropped 26.1 percent from a year earlier to 12.7 billion yen (123 million dollars) in the year to March.  si-ps 
Japanese cosmetics giant Shiseido Co. Ltd. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings dropped 5.2 percent from a year earlier to 33.5 billion yen (325 million dollars) in the year to March.  si-ps 
Jailed former Venezuelan president Carlos Andres Perez was kicked out of the Democratic Action (AD) party that had twice made him leader of the nation.  Eighty percent of the social democratic party's leaders ratified late Thursday the executive board's expulsion order, said AD Secretary General Luis Alfaro Ucero. 
Four gunmen who seized a busload of passengers in the northern Caucusus freed three hostages early Friday in return for two million dollars in ransom, the interior ministry here said.  The money was handed over at 6:00 a.m. (0200 GMT) as the bus stood on the tarmac at the Mineralnoye Vody airport in southern Russia, and two women and a man walked clear. 
The employers' organisation the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) Friday upwardly revised its growth projections for Britain for this year and next.  In its tri-monthly report, the CBI predicted 2.4 percent growth in 1994 and 2.5 percent in 1995, one tenth of a percentage point up on figures it released in February. 
China has expelled a number of foreign reporters for breaking reporting regulations, foreign ministry spokesman Wu Jianmin said Friday.  "Several journalists violated regulations concerning news reporting so the Chinese cut short their period of stay," he told a press conference. 
China has expelled a number of foreign reporters for breaking reporting regulations, foreign ministry spokesman Wu Jianmin said Friday.  "Several journalists violated regulations concerning news reporting so the Chinese cut short their period of stay," he told a press conference. 
Four gunmen who hijacked a bus and took its passengers hostage flew out of the southern Russian town of Mineralnye Vody Friday aboard a helicopter with their last four hostages, police said.  Police general Ivan Tetereviatnikov said the gunmen had earlier been paid eight million dollars to release the other passengers, and given arms and morphine. 
Four gunmen who hijacked a bus and took its passengers captive flew out of the southern Russian town of Mineralnye Vody Friday aboard a helicopter with a ransom of eight million dollars and four hostages, police said.  Police general Ivan Tetereviatnikov said the gunmen had earlier been given arms and morphine to release some passengers Thursday afternoon, then two lots of four million dollars Friday in exchange for the freedom of two more batches of passengers. 
A man who killed a police officer who caught him having sex in a car in 1981 was executed by lethal injection here early Friday.  Stephen Nethery, 33, was the 77th Texas inmate and the 241st nationwide to have been put to death since the US Supreme Court allowed states to resume using the death penalty in 1976. 
The rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) has captured Rwanda's most important market town, a meeting place for traders from neighbouring countries, RPF radio Muhabura claimed in a broadcast monitored on Friday by the BBC.  The radio said the rebels took Ruhango Trading Centre, 54 kilometres (32 miles) south of the Rwandan capital Kigali, on Friday. 
Sales at major Japanese retail stores in April remained their levels of a year earlier for the 23rd straight month due to sluggish consumer spending, a government report said Friday.  Sales at 421 department stores and 2,056 supermarkets across the country dipped 3.5 percent from a year earlier to 1,705.4 billion yen (about 16.2 billion dollars), the ministry of international trade and industry said. 
The initial public offering for 20 percent of Petron Corp., the Philippines' largest oil refiner and retailer, has been scheduled for July 18, the energy department said here Friday.  The listing, which could involve one billion shares, would be the largest ever in the history of the Philippine stock market. 
Australia Friday welcomed US President Bill Clinton's renewal of China's Most-Favored-Nation status, which it had urged along with the uncoupling of the trading privileges from human rights.  Foreign Minister Gareth Evans said in a statement Friday that while Canberra shared US concern for human rights in China, "We consider it unlikely that withdrawal of MFN (Most-Favored-Nation) status would have significantly advanced the human rights cause in China." 
Japan's Kobe Steel Ltd. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 3.4 billion yen (33 million dollars) for the year to March and forecast further losses of 20 billion yen in the first half of the current year.  The loss at the parent company, which reversed a profit of 14.5 billion yen a year earlier, was accompanied by a forecast for a consolidated loss of nine billion yen in the same period, compared with a 10.4 billion profit previously. 
The rand failed to hold onto Thursday's gains here Friday, opening at 3.6575/90 to the greenback from its previous close of 3.6505/20.  Dealers said the rand had been pushed up by exporter dollar sales, but the local unit slipped towards Thursday's close. 
Nobel literature laureate Alexander Solzhenitsyn arrived back in his native Russia early Friday after 20 years in exile.  The author of "The Gulag Archipegalo," his epic chronicle of the Soviet labour camp system, and "A Day In The Life Of Ivan Denisovich," touched the ground as he arrived in this far eastern Russian city from Anchorage, Alaska, in homage to the Gulag's "martyrs." 
An ally of President Fidel Ramos obtained a Philippine court order Friday barring the holding in Manila of a controversial conference on alleged human rights violations in East Timor.  Copies of the temporary restraining order, obtained here, said Renato Constatino one of the leftist organizers of the conference, put a 20-day hold on the event, due to start in a suburban state university May 31. 
Japanese steelmaker NKK Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 24.2 billion yen (235 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 4.1 billion yen the previous year.  The company, which suspended its year-end dividend as expected, said sales fell 7.8 percent to 1,200 billion yen in the same period. 
Taiwan declined direct comment Friday on the US decision to renew China's Most Favored Nation trading status, but suggested that stronger US trade links with its political rival would aid the reform process on the mainland.  "We have no comment on the US decision as we do not get involved in US-communist China relations, just as we want communist China to stay away from Washington-Taipei relations," a foreign ministry statement said. 
China has expelled a number of foreign journalists for breaking reporting regulations, foreign ministry spokesman Wu Jianmin said Friday.  "Several journalists violated regulations concerning news reporting so the Chinese cut short their period of stay," he told a press conference. 
Japanese electronics giant Sharp Corp. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings dropped 4.2 percent from a year earlier to 49.4 billion yen (480 million dollars) in the year to March.  The Osaka-based company said sales grew 0.8 percent to 1,490 billion yen, supported by strong sales of electronic components including colour liquid crystal displays, a market it dominates as the world's biggest producer. 
The dollar closed higher at 104.53 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Friday, up 0.38 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.15 yen.  The Tokyo Market mainly reflected trends overseas, dealers said. 
China plans to boost its capacity of nuclear power generation to 300 million-to-350 million kilowatts by 2050 to cope with its rapid economic growth, the Yomiuri newspaper reported Friday.  The nuclear power output will be nine times the current capacity of Japan and three times that of the United States, the report said. 
Japan on Friday denounced the International Whaling Commission's decision to establish a whale sanctuary in the Antarctic and threatened to review its links with the organisation.  "We have options ranging widely from withdrawal from the IWC to unconditional acceptance of the decision," a senior official of the state fishery agency told Japanese reporters. 
Four gunmen who hijacked a bus and took its passengers captive flew out of the southern Russian town of Mineralnye Vody Friday aboard a helicopter with a ransom of eight million dollars and four hostages, police said.  The ITAR-TASS news agency said seven armed forces helicopters were tailing the hostages' craft, which was flying toward Makhachkala, capital of the autonomous republic of Dagestan, which borders the Caspian Sea and Chechenya, another autonomous republic. 
China welcomed Friday US President Bill Clinton's decision to renew its most-favoured-nation (MFN) trade status and abandon his linkage of trade to human rights, but criticised his refusal to lift all sanctions against it.  "The Chinese government and people welcome this decision by President Clinton," the foreign ministry said in a statement reacting to the announcement in Washington Thursday on MFN renewal. 
Rosemary West, the wife of accused serial killer Frederick West who has been charged with the murders of 11 women, was indicted Friday for the murder of her own daughter Heather, police said.  Heather disappeared in 1987 at the age of 16. Her body was the first one uncovered in police searches of the West's house -- which has been dubbed the "House of Horrors" by the British press -- in this western English city. 
Hong Kong breathed easier Friday after the United States renewed China's most favored nation (MFN) status, but a China business consultant warned of more bumps ahead in Sino-US relations.  Chief Secretary Anson Chan called President Bill Clinton's decision to sustain MFN while delinking trade from human rights "good news for Hong Kong," even though renewal was already widely expected. 
A man who knifed two women and a girl to death in 1982 was hanged in Walla Walla, Washington, early Friday, two hours after another convicted murderer was executed by lethal injection in Texas.  Charles Rodman Campbell, 39, was subdued with pepper spray by police before he was handcuffed and taken from his cell to the gallows, a Washington Corrections Department spokesman said. 
The ruble fell to 1,904 to the US dollar Friday, down from 1,901 to the greenback during Thursday's trading on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange.  Volume of trade totalled 46.25 million dollars with initial demand of 46.25 million dollars and initial offers of 43.45 million dollars. 
Cash-strapped North Korea Friday unveiled regulations that will give foreigners fairly wide latitude in setting up enterprises and ports in its projected free trade zone.  The hardline communist state's official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), monitored here, said the North Korean administrative council had endorsed the regulations in the past two months. 
Malawians are intrigued by the question of where former "president for life" Hastings Kamuzu Banda will live when he moves out of the government-owned Sanjika Palace after his defeat in elections last week.  Banda took personal pride in the hilltop palace, which was built at a cost of about a million pounds sterling (about two million dollars) in the 1970s. 
Japan's Sumitomo Metal Industries Ltd. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 33 billion yen (321 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 5.3 billion yen a year earlier.  The company, which like most Japanese steeelmakers suspended its year- end dividend, said sales fell 5.9 percent to 1,043 billion yen in the same period. 
Thai police have issued warrants for the arrest of two Iranians suspected of involvement in a plot to explode a booby-trapped truck at the Israeli Embassy in March, police said Friday.  A police official identified the two Iranians as Mohammad Lotfollah and Hossein Shahriarifar, both about 40 years old, who were believed to have fled Thailand. 
Prisoners from three notorious prisons closed Saturday by new president Bakili Muluzi have been transferred to other prisons.  The Daily Times -- owned by ex-president Hastings Kamuzu Banda -- reported Friday that inmates of Mikuyu in Zomba, Dzaleka in Dowa and Nsanje had been transferred. 
Cambodian peace talks in North Korea looked set for an uphill battle Friday despite Khmer Rouge support for a ceasefire.  One major obstacle was an accusation by the Khmer Rouge that the government was undermining the peace process by seeking foreign military help. 
A conference to promote stability in Europe resumed here Friday aimed at preventing border conflicts in eastern Europe and solving problems over ethnic minorities.  The two-day conference, which opened at UNESCO headquarters here on Thursday, was expected to set up two regional round tables, one dealing with the problems of Russian minorities in the three Baltic states, and the other with Hungarian minorities in Slovakia and Romania. 
Japan's Mazda Motor Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 44.1 billion yen (428 million dollars) for the year to March and forecast another two years of losses including 33 billion yen this year.  The troubled Hiroshima-based carmaker, which posted a profit of 6.2 billion yen a year earlier, also cut its year-end dividend, blaming the loss on a 19.3 percent plunge in sales to 1,769 billion yen as well as the stronger yen. 
Dutch Justice Minister Ernst Hirsch Ballin resigned Friday following a police scandal, the government announced.  Right and left wing deputies had joined Wednesday to pass a motion of no confidence in Ballin. 
Japanese steelmaker NKK Corp. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 24.2 billion yen (235 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 4.1 billion yen the previous year.  The company, which suspended its year-end dividend as expected, said sales fell 7.8 percent to 1,200 brillion yen in the same period. 
Japan's biggest steelmaker Nippon Steel Corp. announced Friday a pre- tax loss of 18.4 billion yen (179 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 28.9 billion yen a year earlier.  The company, which cut its year-end dividend from 3.5 yen to 2.5 yen, said sales fell almost 10 percent to 2,160 billion yen in the same period. 
Japanese carmaker Daihatsu Motor Corp. Ltd. announced Friday a pre-tax profit of 2.4 billion yen (23 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a loss of 4.4 billion yen a year earlier.  The minicar affiliate of Toyota Motor Corp. said the return to the black mainly reflected cost-cutting measures. Sales, adversely affected by the stronger yen, fell 6.8 percent to 731 billion yen. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Friday its consolidated pre-tax earnings plunged 57.7 percent from a year earlier to 21.3 billion yen (207 million dollars) in the year to March.  The company, suffering from a slump in exports as a result of the stronger yen, said worldwide sales fell 7.3 percent to 2,947 billion yen with operating profit dropping 47.1 percent to 40.8 billion yen. 
Japan's five biggest steelmakers, buckling under the weight of a prolonged economic slowdown and a stronger yen, announced Friday combined pre-tax losses of more than one billion dollars for the year to March.  Four of the companies -- NKK Corp., Sumitomo Metal Industries Ltd., Kobe Steel Ltd. and Kawasaki Steel Corp. -- suspended year-end dividends. And although market leader Nippon Steel Corp. managed to cough up 2.5 yen for its shareholders, the pay out was down from 3.5 yen a year earlier. 
Vietnam and the United States have ironed out some of the problems still separating the former enemies but domestic pressures on Washington over missing servicemen and a wide gap on human rights could delay further rapprochement.  The two sides announced an agreement Thursday to exchange liaison offices -- or what a diplomat here called "embassies in everything but name" -- following several months of talks. 
Indonesian censors have approved the showing of the award-winning film "Schindler's List," but with cuts, an official said Friday.  Director Steven Spielberg has said the film must be shown uncut or not at all. 
Threats of a boycott of the Spanish Grand Prix gathered pace here on Friday as the opening practice session began in total mayhem, with most of the Formula One's top teams stuck on the sidelines.  A confrontation between governing body FIA's president Max Mosley to decide if the race goes ahead now look certain, with Mosley due to arrive at the Catalunya circuit later on Friday. 
Four gunmen who fled by helicopter Friday after they hijacked a bus carrying schoolchildren, teachers and parents in the Russian Caucasus landed in the rebel republic of Chechnya, interior ministry officials said.  The hostage-takers fled with eight million dollars ransom and four hostages, including one man and three women. 
South Korea's largest shipyard is facing a strike after workers at Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. informed the government Friday that a labor dispute had broken out there, union leaders and company officials said.  The move opened the way for the shipyard's 23,000 workers to strike after a 10-day obligatory cooling-off period, a labor union spokesman said. 
Foreign Minister Alain Juppe on Friday said the coming weeks would be "decisive" and that France would totally revamp its policy on Bosnia by July if peace talks made no progress.  "Before the summer, the month of July, we must know if we are moving ahead or marking time. If everyone continues to refuse every diplomatic breakthrough, particularly a ceasfire, we must go ahead with a thorough review of our policy," Juppe said on French radio. 
Hundreds of passengers were stranded here Friday by a strike by Air India ground staff, an airline spokesman said.  Nine of the international carrier's flights were delayed by the strike, which the Air India spokesman attributed to "inter-union rivalry." 
Most Israelis are opposed to the government holding negotiations on extending Palestinian self-rule following an uproar over comments by PLO leader Yasser Arafat, an opinion poll showed on Friday.  Asked whether the government should continue talks with the PLO on extending autonomy in the West Bank, 63 per cent of Israelis said no, 35 said yes and the others were undecided. 
Justice Minister Dullah Omar said Friday that he was preparing legislation to abolish South Africa's death penalty in line with the policy of the ruling African National Congress.  There are currently about 400 prisoners on death row in South Africa's jails, although there have been no executions since November 1989, when the previous white-minority government imposed a moratorium. 
Nobel literature laureate Alexander Solzhenitsyn arrived in the far eastern Russian port of Vladivostok Friday after 20 years in exile.  The author of "The Gulag Archipegalo," his epic chronicle of the Soviet labour camp system, and "A Day In The Life Of Ivan Denisovich," first set foot in his native Russia earlier in the day during a stopover at the far eastern city of Magadan, a processing centre for the Soviet-era Siberian labour camps. 
The flesh-eating bacterium which has struck Britain killed a woman in northern Israel but another Israeli was saved by having a leg amputated, hospitals said Friday.  Hospital officials said the woman in the town of Afula died within 24 hours of catching the gangrene-like infection, group A streptococci, two months ago. 
The army lifted a week-long closure of the Gaza Strip on Friday after the Palestinian police set up new checkpoints to process Arab workers travelling into Israel.  The army sealed off the Strip after two soldiers were killed at a checkpoint by Palestinian gunmen last Friday. 
Four gunmen who fled by helicopter Friday after they hijacked a bus carrying schoolchildren, teachers and parents in the Russian Caucasus landed in the rebel republic of Chechnya, an interior ministry official said.  The hostage-takers fled with eight million dollars ransom and four hostages, one man and three women. 
Another bid by China to host the Olympics would be enthusiastically welcomed by the International Olympic Comittee, the IOC president Juan Antonio Samaranch made clear Friday.  Samaranch, here on a three-day tour of preparations for the 2000 games for which Sydney defeated Beijing last September, said IOC officials were currently discussing with Beijing whether it would bid for the 2004 games. 
What the seeds have been saying at the French Open this week.  "Yeah. Absolutely. We need to get younger kids playing tennis instead of basketball. But the New York kids will definitely be louder than the Paris kids." -- PETE SAMPRAS (USA x1), asked if he thought 'Children's Day' at Roland Garros should be extended to other major tournaments. 
Hutu militiamen abandoned several positions in the Rwandan capital in heavy fighting overnight and Friday between government forces and the mainly Tutsi rebels, a UN representative in Rwanda said.  Abdul Kabia, the spokesman for the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) who was contacted by telehpone, said Rwandan police now occupied several checkpoints left unmanned by Hutu militiamen who had fled advancing Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) rebels. 
Three of four hostage takers who fled to the rebel republic of Chechenya aboard a helicopter with hostages and eight million dollars in ransom money aboard were arrested there Friday, the ITAR-TASS news agency reported.  The gunmen hijacked a bus to the Caucasus town of Mineralnye Vody Thursday, taking schoolchildren, parents and teachers hostage. They flew to the Chechnya town of Bacha-Yurt, about 15 kilometers (seven miles) from the border of neighbouring Dagestan, an official said. 
China's unyielding line towards US pressure on human rights has brought it a major victory, enabling it to emerge from this year's intense MFN battle with little more than a light rap on the knuckles.  By all but ignoring Bill Clinton's 1993 threat to withdraw most- favoured-nation (MFN) status this year if it failed to make significant human rights progress, China not only ensured renewal of the coveted trade privilege. 
Nobel literature laureate Alexander Solzhenitsyn arrived in the far eastern port of Vladivostok Friday after 20 years in exile from his Russian homeland.  The author of "The Gulag Archipegalo," his epic chronicle of the Soviet labour camp system, and "A Day In The Life Of Ivan Denisovich," set foot in Russia earlier in the day during a stopover at the far eastern city of Magadan, a former processing centre for the Soviet-era Siberian labour camps. 
A bumper harvest and rising coffee prices are expected to boost Vietnamese exports of beans to 250 million dollars this year, a report said here Friday.  This year's crop has produced 150,000 tonnes of coffee, up 20,000 tonnes on last year, the Vietnam News Agency said, adding that expected exports had risen by 12,000 tonnes to 140,000 tonnes. 
Interior ministry elite troops captured Friday three of the four gunmen who hijacked a schoolbus one day earlier and the remaining four hostages have been released, Interfax reported quoting interior ministry sources.  The hijackers were seized shortly after they landed in the Caucasus republic of Chechnya aboard a helicopter. 
A conference to promote stability in Europe agreed Friday on measures aimed at preventing border conflicts in eastern Europe and solving problems over ethnic minorities.  The two-day conference, which opened at UNESCO headquarters here on Thursday, agreed to set up two regional round tables, one dealing with the problems of Russian minorities in the three Baltic states, and the other with Hungarian minorities in Slovakia and Romania. 
Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp. (NTT) said Friday its group pre- tax earnings plunged 47.3 percent to 139.8 billion yen (1.4 billion dollars) in the year to March and forecast a flat year ahead.  The Japanese telcommunications giant said consolidated operating revenues edged up 2.3 percent to 6,652 billion yen despite a decline in revenues at the parent company which followed cuts in call rates to match rival companies. 
Western Union Financial Services, the US money transfer firm, has opened an office in Vietnam to tap the estimated one billion dollars in remittances sent here by overseas Vietnamese, a report said Friday.  The company is to launch campaigns in the United States, France, Australia and Canada -- home to about two million Vietnamese -- to encourage them to use its money transfer services. 
A 23-year-old student was arrested here for killing his parents, who were found stabbed and burned to death a week ago in the southern suburbs of the South Korean capital, police said Friday.  Park Han-Sang confessed to the double murder during a police interrogation Thursday, saying that he didn't want to wait until his wealthy parents died to collect his inheritance valued at over 10 billion won (12.5 million dollars). 
The first UN-sponsored World Conference on Natural Disaster Reduction meeting here Friday called for intensifying efforts to prevent the loss of lives in natural disasters.  Two major earthquakes, one in India and the other in the United States, happening within a year of each other showed the difference in casualty tolls sustained in areas which had taken measures to prepare for natural disasters, said Wolgang Eder, director of UNESCO's Division of Earth Sciences. 
Police shot dead Friday the fourth and last hostage taker at large to end a crisis caused when the gunmen hijacked a schoolbus, an Interior Ministry spokesman said.  Interior Ministry troops had earlier Friday captured three of the gunmen and the remaining four hostages were released. 
"House of Horrors" wife Rosemary West, a 40-year-old mother of eight, was Friday charged with murdering her teenaged daughter, the ninth death in which she is jointly accused with her husband.  Police said Rosemary West was indicted for the murder of Heather West, who disappeared in 1987 at the age of 16 and whose body was the first of nine unearthed from the garden, basement and walls of the West home. 
Moslem states should join forces to organize the annual pilgrimage to Mecca because Saudi Arabia alone is incapable of protecting the pilgrims, an Iranian official said Friday.  The deputy speaker of parliament, Hassan Ruhani, said Saudi incompetence was to blame for the latest tragedy, in which 270 pilgrims were killed Monday in a stampede during a ritual at Mina, 10 kilometres (six miles) from Mecca. 
The captured head of an insurgent communist assassination unit will be charged with murder for publicly saying his group was behind the killing of a former police official earlier this month, officials said here Friday.  Police investigation chief, Senior Superintendent Romeo Acop said they would charge Felimon Lagman, head of the Alex Boncayo Brigade (ABB), a Manila-based murder squad, with the slaying of former chief inspector Timoteo Zarcal on the basis of press interviews where he claimed credit for the killing. 
US oil and gas producer Parker and Parsley Petroleum Inc. was cleared Friday to proceed with its 295 million Australian dollar (215 million US) takeover bid of Australia's Bridge Oil.  The New South Wales Supreme Court ruled here that the Texan producer could present share holders with its offer, provided that it also supplied a supplementary statement. 
India plans to conduct tests soon of an indigenous air defense system similar to the Patriot used by US troops against Iraqi Scud missiles during the Gulf War, the Asian Age newspaper reported Friday.  The air defense system consists of state-of-the-art phased array radar combined with the medium-range surface-to-air Akash, or "Sky," missile, the newspaper said. 
Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen Manh Cam said here Friday that Vietnam favors the resumption of full diplomatic relations with the United States as soon as possible, but that a decision is up to the Americans.  "We are ready, but the ball is in the American court and I regret that I cannot say when full diplomatic ties will be restored between our two countries," Can said as he wound up a three-day visit to Bangladesh. 
Bernard Tapie, facing personal ruin as his creditors close in, was expected to name a new major shareholder of Olympique Marseille soccer club on Friday.  Tapie, being investigated for fraud and embezzlement for both his business and football activities, was expected to stand down as club president when a US trading firm invested 180 million francs (32 million dollars). 
Rwandan rebels advanced further Friday against battle-weary government soldiers who have started fleeing the capital Kigali where fierce artillery battles raged through the night, a UN spokesman said.  Hutu militiamen blamed for the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of people abandoned several positions in Kigali as rebels pressed what could be their final onslaught on the capital. 
The fourth anniversary of the 1990 general elections, touted as the freest in Burma's history although the opposition's landslide win was never recognized, went virtually unnoticed in Rangoon Friday.  The ruling military junta, known as the State Law and Order Restoration Council (SLORC), remains firmly in control of the country while opposition leaders, including Aung San Suu Kyi, remain in confinement. 
A war of words between North and South Korea escalated Friday as President Kim Young-Sam called for tighter vigilance against possible military provocations by the Stalinist North.  "North Korea has reached an extremely difficult stage that goes beyond our imagination," Kim was quoted as saying by Yonhap news agency in a speech during a visit to a frontline airbase. 
Fears that the Spanish Grand Prix may be cancelled were lifted on Friday when motor racing chief Max Mosley met rebel team chiefs.  "I think thay are going to race under the scheduled formula," the International Automobile Federation said after meeting the sport's top team chiefs who had refused to race under the new regulations. 
The Prince of Wales arrived here Friday to address international business leaders and attend the last military parade of British troops in Berlin as part of a one-day visit to the German capital.  His aircraft landed at RAF Gatow, which used to be a German Luftwaffe (air force) academy until the Royal Air Force took it over at the end of World War II and made it the airport of the British garrison. 
An ally of President Fidel Ramos won a court order Friday banning a private seminar here next week on East Timor in a move that appeared to defuse a diplomatic row between the Philippines and Indonesia.  The lower court, which put a 20-day hold on the May 31-June 3 conference on Indonesian military abuses in East Timor, ordered the respondents to argue their case at a court hearing June 10. 
Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori is due to pay a visit to Japan June 5-8 before a formal visit to China, foreigm ministry sources said Friday.  It will be the fifth visit by Fujimori, the son of Japanese immigrants in Peru who was elected president in 1990, including one he made before his inauguration, they said. 
Kim Dae-Jung, South Korea's leading opposition figure, has proposed that the government hold a referendum on the best method of unifying the two hostile Koreas, divided since the 1950-53 war.  Kim, whose outspoken comments on the North Korean nuclear dilemma over the past month have angered the government in Seoul, made the suggestion at a news conference on his return here from the United States and Canada late Thursday. 
After a series of gun shots, a raucous cough rents the night air, a child cries and the heavy mountain mist soaks the blankets as hundreds of orphans from Rwanda's ethnic slaughter sleep fitfully in the giant refugee camp here.  Violence racks the camp, where, almost lost among the 30,000 refugees, 600 orphans snuggle together in a huge convent dormitory, just one part of the huge religious complex close to the government stronghold of Gitarama. 
Share prices here were mainly stable in early trading on Friday as the market showed a cautious recovery before a long weekend which will see markets closed in Britain and the US until Tuesday morning.  By mid morning in London, the FT-SE 100 index had risen by 4.7 points to 3,1024.4 points. In Paris, the CAC 40 index rose by 0.38 percent to 2,099.89 points. 
Mary Joe Fernandez, last year's finalist, was frogmarched out of the French Open here on Friday by promising Romanian newcomer Irina Spirlea.  The tenth-seeded American, who took a set off Steffi Graf in last year's final, could not cope with the athleticism and shot variety of the 20-year-old from Bucharest and surrendered a place in the last sixteen as she crashed 4-6, 1-6. 
All the formula one teams agreed to start practice here Friday for the Spanish Grand Prix after a two-hour meeting with motor racing chief Max Mosley.  The teams agreed to qualify with cars fitted with the new safety designs but it appeared they had won concessions for the rest of the season when more stringent changes were scheduled. 
It was just like the old days for Jim Courier at the French Open on Friday as the American powered towards a probable quarter-final showdown with Pete Sampras.  Sweden's Jonas Bjorkman was led like a lamb to the slaughter as Courier, whose final defeat here last year kick-started the most serious slump of his career, raced to a 6-3, 6-1, 6-1 victory in just 1hour 48min. 
Russian special forces shot dead one gunman and arrested three others Friday 24 hours after they hijacked a schoolbus and led authorities on a road and helicopter chase through the Caucasus, officials said.  The last four hostages, three women and a man, were released unharmed in the rescue operation launched by elite interior ministry troops when the hijackers landed a getaway helicopter in Russia's rebellious republic of Chechnya, interior ministry officials said. 
Republican lawmakers fear a US invasion of Haiti during the Memorial Day recess and have urged President Bill Clinton not to authorize force, but expedite a processing facility for Haitian refugees.  "I really hope the president does not plan to invade Haiti during the recess," Representative Newt Gingrich, Republican for Georgia, said before Congress adjourned Thursday to reconvene June 7. 
Trading in shares in the Schneider SA engineering group was suspended on the stock market here on Friday and a statement by the group was awaited, stock market authorities said.  The shares were being quoted at 420 francs at the time of the suspension. This was 6.70 francs more than the closing price on Thursday. 
The Bundesbank intends to mark time in its process of reducing key interest rates but this does not apply to the repurchase rate, the president of the Bundesbank Hans Tietmeyer said on Friday.  In an interview with Bavarian BR2 radio, he said that the bank did not expect to cut its rates for the time being. 
A 34th neo-Nazi activist has been arrested in connection with bomb attacks that left 19 people dead shortly before South Africa's first all-race elections last month, police said Friday.  The latest suspect, a member of the Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) like the others, was arrested late Thursday in the Lichtenberg region of Western Transvaal province, police spokesman Colonel Dave Bruce said. 
Hong Kong governor Chris Patten on Friday praised the US decision to extend China's most favourite nation (MFN) trading status despite a lack a progress on human rights abuse.  "We in Hong Kong are all delighted with this decision by the Clinton admnistration", Patten told a press conference. 
NATO wants to give a quick answer to the proposals put forward by Russia before it will sign the Partnership for Peace (PFP) programme, NATO deputy secretary general Sergio Balanzino said Friday.  "It's work in progress, it's a dialogue (with Russia) which becomes serious and intense and on NATO's side, we'll make our position known hopefully pretty soon," Balanzino said. 
Britain's premier risk capital group 3i, owned by several major British banks, on Friday announced a 23.8 percent rise in annual revenue pre-tax profits at 65.4 million pounds (98.1 million dollars).  Revenue pre-tax profits are separate from gains on the company's investment portfolio. 
The 6ft 2in Czech player went down to talented Argentinian Ines Gorrochategui 6-7 (8-10), 6-7 (1/7) in an exciting third-round battle on an outside court.  The South American, who will be 21 next month and who is already being hailed as the new Sabatini, is currently ranked 36th in the world. 
Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh has appointed new ministers of oil and transport in a further bid to isolate supporters of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid.  Saleh appointed Faisal Uthman ibn Shamlan, a southerner, as minister of petroleum and minerals on Thursday, the official news agency SABA said 
The finance ministry will allow domestic and foreign firms to set up distilleries here to assist Taiwan's bid to join the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), officials said on Friday.  The finance ministry officials said that the authorities would also drop regional discrimination against Japan and southeast Asian countries by allowing them to enter the alcoholic beverage market. 
Heavy fog and rain Friday hampered Thai and United Nations officials searching along the border with Cambodia for two missing Belgians, one of them a UN employee.  But a member of the military's Suranari task force said a tape recording had been found in the car the couple left near Preah Vihear temple in which Michel Baran, 31, talked about his love for Cambodia's famed Angkor Wat temple complex. 
India will be blessed with a generous monsoon for the seventh year in a row, the weather office has predicted, boosting hopes of an economic turnaround pinned on the benevolence of the weather gods.  The meterological department's monsoon forecast on Thursday had been anxiously awaited by government policy-makers, corporate barons, farmers and consumers since the February 28 annual budget announcement. 
Mazda Motor Corp. announced a pre-tax loss of 44.1 billion yen (428 million dollars) and its bigger rival Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said group earnings were more than halved to 21.3 billion yen, on Friday.  Daihatsu Motor Corp. Ltd., a minicar maker affiliated with Toyota Motor Corp., meanwhile reversed its losses with a pre-tax profit of 2.4 billion yen, saying the return to the black reflected cost-cutting efforts. 
Alexander Solzhenitsyn, the ex-Soviet Union's most celebrated dissident, arrived home Friday after 20 years in exile to a welcome from girls bearing bread, salt and flowers.  The 77-year Nobel prize-winning author flew first to the eastern Siberian town of Magadan, in the heartland of the Soviet Gulag prison camp system where Solzhenitsyn spent eight years of his life. 
Jim Courier looked close to his old best at the French Open on Friday as he powered towards a probable quarter-final showdown with Pete Sampras.  Sweden's Jonas Bjorkman was led like a lamb to the slaughter as Courier, whose final defeat here last year kick-started the most serious slump of his career, raced to a 6-3, 6-1, 6-1 victory in just 1hour 48min. 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin called Friday for a boost to economic and trade cooperation between Russia and China, saying he did not see Beijing as a threatening power.  He told a press conference relations which were satisfactory had "entered a new era" with both sides moving towards developing their ties for the next century. 
The sole US sanction imposed on Beijing in renewing its preferential trade status -- a ban on imports of Chinese firearms -- will hardly be felt by the Chinese army's vast business empire, analysts here say.  Announcing the renewal of China's Most-Favoured-Nation (MFN) trade status Thursday, US President Bill Clinton also unveiled a ban on the import of Chinese munitions, principally guns and ammunition. 
Serbia has asked to attend next week's meeting of foreign ministers from the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM), Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa said Friday.  Egypt is opposed to Serbia's membership of the movement, but Mussa said the request would be studied by senior NAM officials on the eve of the conference. 
Ten men were executed Friday for crimes ranging from murder to motorcycle theft in nearby Zhuhai city, only hours after the United States renewed China's trading privileges.  Fourteen cities and counties staged executions around the southernmost province, but while the total number of executed convicts was not immediately known, 10 were put to death by a firing squad in the nearby city of Zhuhai. 
Pope John Paul II was due to leave Rome's Gemelli Hospital Friday around 5:00 p.m. (1300 GMT) after almost a month's treatment for breaking a thigh, Italian Health Minister Raffaele Costa said after visiting the pontiff.  The pope was admitted to the hospital after a fall in his bathroom in the Vatican on April 30. 
Kazakhstan on Friday became the 19th country to join the Partnership for Peace program with NATO, with Foreign Minister Kanat Saudabayev saying it would help contribute to world peace and stability.  "This document responds to the interests of our country which strives for stability," the minister said after signing the document. "We do not accept any kind of confrontation or conflict." 
Former communists in Hungary's Socialist Party are expected to form a coalition government despite being projected to win an absolute majority in parliament after Sunday's general election run-off vote.  The pro-reform Socialist Party (MSZP) of former foreign minister Gyula Horn should seek to govern with the liberals in the Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ), the main opposition in the outgoing parliament. 
Formula one team chiefs appeared to have won concessions from motor racing authorities over scheduled safety changes after threatening to boycott this weekend's Spanish Grand Prix.  The rebels agreed to start practice here Friday for the Spanish Grand Prix after a two-hour meeting with motor racing chief Max Mosley. 
Activity in central Kinshasa ground to a standstill Friday as shops, offices and markets closed following a call for public protest by the radical wing of Zaire's opposition.  Supporters of Etienne Tshisekedi, one of Zaire's rival "prime ministers" and an implacable foe of President Mobutu Sese Seko, called on people not to go to work to press for implementation of a transitional constitution. 
Hong Kong teenager Shiu Chi Ho, convicted of vandalism, has submitted a clemency petition to President Ong Teng Cheong to spare him from caning for spray-painting cars, his lawyer said Friday.  "The petition has just been put in and we are waiting to see the outcome," lawyer Kok Mun Loon said. 
An OPEC-style Arab oil group has decided to return to its Kuwait headquarters in July after an absence of four years because of the Iraqi invasion, Gulf officials said Friday.  They said senior OAPEC delegates would meet in Cairo, site of its temporary office, in early June to approve the decision following the completion of arrangements to move back. 
The UN Security Council sought ways of brokering a ceasefire in Yemen's civil war despite the north's objections on Friday, as southern forces claimed advances on the battlefield.  Britain's ambassador to the United Nations, Sir David Hannay, said the council was considering a resolution or declaration urging the north and south to return to the negotiating table. 
A group of French intellectuals entered the European Union elections Friday, presenting France's interior ministry with a "Sarajevo list" and throwing mainstream parties into disarray.  Launched on May 15 by journalist and writer Bernard-Henri Levy, the "Europe Starts at Sarajevo" group vowed to fight the June 12 poll on calls for an immediate lifting of the UN arms embargo against the Moslem-dominated government of Bosnia-Hercegovina and rejection of a European plan for an ethnic carve-up of the former Yugoslav republic. 
Nigerian hopes of following up their Nations' Cup triumph with a unique African club treble remain on course after the quarter-final draws in Cairo.  Champions Iwuanyanwu Nationale were paired with Esperance, a Tunisian club who they defeated at the same stage of the premier competition four years' ago. 
From Drumochter to Killiecrankie, from Scrabster to Dunvegan on the Isle of Skye, Scots will be recharging their glasses and dabbing their eyes in celebration of the 500th birthday of Scotch whisky on Saturday.  The nation, known to be partial to a dram, will be split between nostalgia and shouting "down the hatch" as it collectively fills its glasses with the "water of life" -- the world's leading spirit drink -- which contains a minimum 40 percent volume of alcohol. 
Presidential elections Sunday may deal a death blow to the political aspirations of Antonio Navarro, former leader of the guerrilla M-19, while reaffirming the power of Colombia's established political parties.  Navarro, 46, had planned to take his rebel organization and build a viable party that would break a century of domination by the Liberal and Conservative parties in this geographically diverse nation of tropical lowlands, Andean highlands and Caribbean and Pacific coasts. 
Britain's Prime Minister Winston Churchill dreamed from June 1940 on of an invasion to oust the Nazis from France and roll them back across Europe.  On June 6, 1944, the greatest combined assault force in history landed in Normandy in northern France. The re-conquest of Europe from the Nazis had begun. 
The D-Day invasion of Europe was preceded by another, "friendly," invasion, that of Britain by a million and a half American GIs whose presence rearranged the social landscape, in ways short-term, in ways forever.  They began arriving in early 1942, swelling to 750,000 by the start of 1944, and in the weeks before D-Day there was an American presence across the southern England staging area equal to the present-day population of Philadelphia. 
In the days that followed the D-Day landing of June 6 1944, ordinary Germans learned that there had been an "attempted Bolshevist takeover of free Europe".  The regime's propaganda machine did its best to downplay the impact of the landing and hide the fact that it had taken the military planners by surprise. 
Phantom armies, false messages and even a phony general were keys to the spectacular success of the allied D-Day invasion of World War II.  The disinformation campaign is a little-publicized aspect of the landing that led to the liberation of Europe from the Nazis a half- century ago, an event being commemorated in France in June. 
A minority stake in the Spanish Endesa electricity productioin company offered for privatisation has been 325 percent oversubscribed, the state-owned Teneo group said on Friday.  Teneo, which groups potentially profitable companies within the state INI holding company and which holds 75.58 percent on Endesa, said that offers had been made for nearly 20 million shares when the offer closed on Thursday night. 
At least one person was killed when a small Russian passenger plane crashed at the Berlin-Schoenefeld airport Friday during a rehearsal flight ahead of the Berlin airshow opening this week, airshow officials said.  The plane, a JAK 58 which can carry six passengers, crashed on landing, they added. 
European foreign ministers agreed Friday on measures aimed at preventing border conflicts in eastern Europe and solving problems over ethnic minorities.  The 53 delegations meeting at UNESCO headquarters here agreed unanimously to set up two regional roundtables, one dealing with the problems of Russian minorities in the three Baltic states, and the other with Hungarian minorities in Slovakia and Romania. 
HSBC Holdings said that first-quarter pre-tax profits showed an "improvement" over the figure a year ago despite "difficult" trading conditions in the bond markets, in a statement on Friday.  Bad-debt charges had fallen in the United States. 
The US economy expanded three percent in the first quarter, sharply higher than the initial estimate of 2.6 percent growth, the Commerce Department said Friday.  Most analysts had forecast the US gross domestic product grew 2.4 percent in the first three months of 1994. 
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin warned the PLO on Friday against any attempt to turn Jerusalem into the headquarters for Palestinian self-rule.  Rabin said Israel would do "everything necessary" to ensure that the PLO respected the Declaration of Principles signed last September and set up its autonomy institutions in the West Bank town of Jericho. 
A South African woman woke up as hospital staff were getting her body ready for the morgue three hours after declaring her dead, the domestic SAPA news agency reported Friday.  Maria Botha, 66, who was in a coma when she arrived at the hospital Thursday, was fitted with a pacemaker. 
Japan Friday denounced the International Whaling Commission's decision to establish a whale sanctuary in the Antarctic and threatened to review its links with the organisation.  "We have options ranging widely from withdrawal from the IWC to unconditional acceptance of the decision," a senior official of the state fishery agency told Japanese reporters. 
After-tax corporate profits in the United States fell 3.7 percent in the first three months of the year, the Commerce Department said Friday.  They increased 7.9 percent in the final quarter of 1993. 
The decision by US President Bill Clinton to renew China's most- favoured-nation (MFN) trade status was widely seen as beneficial to regional economies, while some concern was expressed for human rights.  Though the MFN issue had been an influence in regional stock markets over the past few months as business counted the cost of Washington's standing firm on requiring China to show "significant improvements in its human rights record, brokers said the announcement had no impact Friday. 
International donors have pledged 3.5 million dollars to help Mozambique's political parties prepare for the October elections, the UN special envoy here, Aldo Ajello, said Friday.  Italy pledged 1.8 million dollars and the European Union some 960,000 dollars to a United Nations Trust Fund set up to help Mozambican parties contest the country's first ever multiparty elections scheduled for October. 
Bernard Tapie, facing personal ruin as his creditors close in, was expected to name a new major shareholder of Olympique Marseille soccer club on Friday.  The business tyccon and member of parliament, being investigated for fraud and embezzlement for both his business and football activities, was expected to stand down as club president when a US trading firm invested 180 million francs (32 million dollars). 
UN troops in the Rwandan capital Kigali on Friday started evacuating civilians from the embattled city to safer areas of their choice during a lull in fighting, a UN spokesman said.  Some 200 people were moved on Friday afternoon from areas controlled by the rebels Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) and those under government forces, spokesman Abdul Kabia said, contacted by telephone from Nairobi. 
The president of the French Schneider engineering group Didier Pineau- Valencienne was charged with fraud and taken into custody in Brussels on Friday, judicial sources said.  Earlier in Paris, Schneider had obtained the suspension of its shares, saying that Pineau-Valencienne was accused of forgery, using false documents, fraud, false acounting and breach of confidence. 
Bryan Robson has recruited former Manchester United and England colleague Viv Anderson as his assistant manager at First Division Middlesbrough.  Robson, who took over as Ayresome Park boss last week, persuaded Anderson to relinquish the manager's seat at fellow First Division club Barnsley after only one season. 
Michael Schumacher, who has won the first four races of the season, was fastest in Friday's practice session for Sunday's Spanish Grand Prix.  The German timed 1min 23.426sec in his Benetton-Ford, a full second faster than Mika Hakkinen of Finland who timed 1:24.580 in a McLaren- Peugeot. 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomydin and Chinese leaders called here Friday for expanded bilateral econonomic and trade ties, saying current levels of Sino-Russian cooperation were falling short of their potential.  Chernomyrdin held separate talks with Chinese counterpart Li Peng and President Jiang Zemin, during which both sides hailed the development of bilateral relations in recent years, while agreeing on the need to step up economic ties by improving transport links and expanding border trade. 
The changing of the guard at Roland Garros continued at the French Open here on Friday when two more members of the establishment crashed out to talented newcomers.  Mary Joe Fernandez, last year's finalist and seeded tenth, thought she was having a nightmare when she was frogmarched out of the event by Romania's 20-year-old Irina Spirlea. 
Dissident writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn said Friday in his first public address to his countrymen that he was returning to a "tortured Russia" that offered no clear future to its citizens.  "I feel redoubled pain for Russia's last two years which have been so very trying for people in their lives and spirits," the 75-year old Nobel literature laureate told about 4,000 people gathered in the center of the Pacific port city. 
President Nelson Mandela said Friday that political conflict in South Africa had become a thing of past with the installation of the democratic government of national unity.  "We have put the conflicts of the past behind us and all South Africans are working together to address the national problems," Mandela told the Senate, in his maiden speech to the upper house of parliament. 
The Tibetan government in exile, in a statement on the United States' renewal of China's Most Favoured Nation status, said Friday that continued pressure by Washington would force Beijing into talks with the Dalai Lama.  International relations minister Kalon Tashi Wangdon declined to directly criticise the renewal but obliquely referred to rights violations saying: "Unfortunately there has been no improvement in conditions inside Tibet." 
Two Sri Lankan Tamils who served six years in a British prison for a triple murder were set free Friday by an appeals court that found police and prosecutors had tinkered with evidence and broken rules.  Supporters of Sam Kulasingham, 37, and Prem Sivalingham, 30, cheered and applauded as the court quashed the convictions and life sentences given them in 1988 in the fire-bombing of a house in the east London neighborhood of East Ham. 
English double winners Manchester United have agreed terms with Blackburn Rovers defender David May.  Oldham-born May will move to Old Trafford when his contract at Ewood Park expires next month, boosting his new club's European Cup challenge. 
Two men aged 20 and 22 were arrested late Thursday over an attack on a Syrian asylum-seeker in this east German town, already the scene of ugly racial attacks in mid-May, police said here Friday.  The suspects are accused of assaulting and wounding the 25-year-old Syrian man, who suffered multiple injuries to his head, arms and shoulders Wednesday. The two are also charged with racketeering a shop and restaurant. 
The president of the French Schneider engineering group Didier Pineau- Valencienne was charged and jailed for fraud here Friday, judicial sources said.  Earlier in Paris, Schneider had obtained the suspension of its shares, saying that Pineau-Valencienne was accused of forgery, using false documents, fraud, false accounting and breach of confidence. 
Monte Carlo rally winner Francois Delecour, who broke both ankles when he crashed his Ferrari in a road accident last April, hopes to make his world championship comeback for Ford in the New Zealand rally in July.  "I can't walk yet but I can ride a bike," he said. 
Bosnian refugees might soon start to return home, but this is unlikely to herald a mass influx of the estimated two million Bosnians displaced by war, a UN refugee spokesman said Friday.  "The Bosnian government is pushing very hard for the return of refugees but it's a question of legal conditions and of security conditions in the region," said Peter Schatzer of the International Organization for Migrations, a UN agency, at a press conference. 
Dutch Interior Minister Ed van Thijn resigned Friday, hours after the resignation of his cabinet colleague Justice Minister Ernst Hirsch Ballin, the government press office said.  Both have been accused of involvement in a months-long police scandal. 
The US economy expanded three percent in the first three months of the year, sharply higher than initially estimated, the Commerce Department said Friday.  The first estimate, in April, was that the US gross domestic product grew 2.6 percent. 
Some 10,000 people gathered in Warsaw's Pilsudski Square mid-afternoon Friday for a rally organised by the Solidarity union, demonstrating against the Waldemar Pawlak government, police sources said.  Demonstrators, carrying Solidarity Flags, held up banners saying "Down with Unemployment," "Down with Wage Controls" and "Enough with Energy Price Rises." 
A fire Thursday destroyed some 2,000 hectares (5,000 acres) of pine forest in the Valencia district of eastern Spain, the fire control centre in Valencia said Friday.  Police in Valencia said a man had been arrested in connectin with the fire which was understood to have been started deliberately. 
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl called Friday for construction of a high-speed rail line linking London to Moscow via Paris, Frankfurt, Berlin and Warsaw.  "Our goal is to create as quickly as possible a high-speed link across the continent," he told the lower house of parliament. 
The Italian insurance company Generali increased profits in 1993 by 1.5 percent to 686 billion lire (403.5 million dollars) from the figure in 1992, the company said on Friday.  Consolidated premium income amounted to 24.873 billion lire (14.6 billion dollars) representing an increase of 10.9 percent from the figure in 1992. The increase was 5.8 percent on the basis of the same exchange rates. 
Twelfth-seeded Mary Pierce was given a standing ovation by an awed centre-court crowd as she continued to steamroller her way towards the French Open title at the Roland Garros Stadium here on Friday.  The 19-year-old Canadian-born French hope didn't drop a game and needed just 58 minutes to brush aside experienced Lori McNeil of the United States and sweep into the fourth-round of the women's singles. 
Share prices rallied by 2.29 percent here on Friday following a recovery of 3.67 percent on Thursday.  The market had fallen at the beginning of the week by 2.8 percent on Monday, by 3.7 percent on Tuesday and 5.5 percent on Wednesday. 
South Africa's estimated maize crop for the 1994 season dropped slightly in May to 12.39 million tons, according to official figures received Friday.  The latest estimate is down from the 12.52 tons that was predicted in April, but still well up on the 9.07 tons produced during 1993. 
Rival tribal wings of one of Liberia's armed factions fought fierce battles at their headquarters town of Tubmanburg, a UN World Food Programme (WFP) official said Friday.  "There was street fighting throughout the night and the fighting subsided Friday morning," WFP representative Gerald Van Dijk told AFP. "Skirmishes were still taking place." 
Japan's Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. announced Friday a pre-tax loss of 28.1 billion yen (273 million dollars) for the year to March, reversing a profit of 139 million yen a year earlier.  The manufacturer of Subaru cars and aircaft and transport equipment said it expected to return to the black in the current year with a pre-tax profit of three billion yen although it would continue to withhold dividends. 
Hong Kong governor Chris Patten on Friday praised the US decision to extend China's most favored nation (MFN) trading status despite a lack a progress on human rights abuse.  "We in Hong Kong are all delighted with this decision by the Clinton administration", Patten told a press conference. 
Japan's Nippon Oil Co. Ltd. said Friday its pre-tax earnings fell 2.6 percent from a year earlier to 42.3 billion yen (411 million dollars) in the year to March and forecast a further decline this year.  The country's largest distributor of petroleum products said sales dropped 9.5 percent in the same period to 1,806 billion yen. 
Japan maintained the world's top position in overseas net assets for the third consecutive year in fiscal 1993, posting 611 billion dollars, up 18.9 percent from the preceding year, the government said Friday.  Net assets are the balance after liabilities are subtracted from assests held in foreign countries. 
After 15 years wearing pale blue uniforms, which earned them the name of "periwinkles," Paris traffic wardens are to be dressed in navy and red by French fashion designer Balenciaga.  Paris authorities said Friday that the new uniform would be available by the beginning of next year. 
The dollar rose against other major currencies here early Friday in moderately active trading after an unexpected upward revision of first-quarter US economic growth, but was limited by a bond selloff.  The Commerce Department said US gross domestic product rose three percent in the first three months, up from an initial estimate of 2.6 percent growth. Most experts had forecast a downward revision to 2.4 percent. 
Rebel Grand Prix teams used a threatened boycott of the Spanish Grand Prix to force the sport's ruling body to give them power to decide on how to improve the safety of their car.  Earlier on Friday, the drivers had forced the authorities to improve an emergency new chicane on what they considered a dangerous part of the Catalunya circuit. 
President Robert Mugabe lashed out at white Zimbabweans on Friday, accusing them of supporting opposition parties in an attempt to regain power behind a black front.  Setting the stage for his ruling ZANU-PF party's campaign for elections next year, Mugabe told some 6,000 delegates to a party youth conference that while the opposition was "ineffectual" it should not be ignored. 
Right-wing hardliner Ariel Sharon announced Friday he would run for prime minister in Israel's 1996 elections, provoking outrage from his party leader Benjamin Netanyahu.  "I intend to submit my candidacy to lead the nationalist camp and save the state of Israel, Eretz (Greater) Israel and, to a large decree, the Jewish people," the Likud MP told Israeli radio. 
The West should help stem the rise of Islamic fundamentalism in North Africa by helping "eliminate the economic, social and political situations" giving rise to it, a report published here Friday said.  The civil affairs commission of the parliamentary assembly of NATO called on the West to "conduct a generous economic policy, open to imports" from the north African countries. 
A Saudi millionaire businessman has sent veterans of the Afghan war to fight alongside northern forces in Yemen, the semi-official Egyptian paper Al-Ahram said Friday.  It said in an editorial that Ossama Ben Ladden, who now lives in Sudan, had "sent to Yemen via Sudan (Islamic) activists from Pakistan and Afghanistan to fight alongside the northern forces led by (President) Ali Abdallah Saleh." 
Turkish authorities are studying a request by the leader of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), Jalal Talabani, to cross Turkey from Syria to reach northern Iraq, a foreign ministry spokesman said Friday.  Ferhat Ataman said Talabani, currently in Damascus, and the leader of the rival Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) Massud Barzani could come to Turkey "if they agree to meet." 
A cholera epidemic in the eastern Philippines has claimed 46 lives, with the number of confirmed cases rising to 916, the official Philippine News Agency (PNA) said Friday, quoting Health Secretary Juan Flavier.  But the spread of the disease in the Bicol region appears to have been slowed, it added. 
A Nigerian and a Pakistani were beheaded in public on Friday in Saudi Arabia after being sentenced to death for drug-trafficking, the interior ministry said.  Nigerian Janito Abdul who tried to smuggle heroin into the kingdom was executed in Riyadh, it said. Mohammad Sarkan from Pakistan was beheaded in the western city of Jeddah for the same crime. 
One person was killed when a small Russian passenger plane crashed at the Berlin-Schoenefeld airport Friday during a test flight ahead of the Berlin airshow opening this weekend, airshow officials said.  The plane, a YAK 58 which can carry six passengers, crashed at low altitude near the exhibition stands as it was preparing to land, the officials said. The airshow begins Saturday. 
Blue-chip stocks opened on a slide Friday after bond interest rates jumped following an unexpected upward revision of US economic growth in the first quarter.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was down 9.21 points at 3,744.25 in the first 15 minutes of the session. 
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl does not want to succeed Jacques Delors as president of the European Commission, when Delors retires at the end of the year, German government spokesman Dieter Vogel said Friday.  Kohl "takes this view once and for all," Vogel insisted. 
The Norwegian government on Friday formally proposed November 28 as the date for the referendum on membership of the European Union.  The proposal needs formal approval by parliament, and most observers believe that the date will be finally fixed before summer recess. 
Mikael Tillstrom, a qualifier who has never featured in the world's top-100, continued his remarkable 'giant-killing' progress at the French Open here on Friday when he defeated sixteenth-seed Richard Krajicek in straight-sets to reach the fourth-round of the men's singles.  The 24-year-old Swede, a left-hander who is playing in his first-ever Grand Slam event, raced to a 7-6 (7/4) 6-2, 6-3 victory. 
The European Boxing Union has ordered Englishman "Prince" Naseem Hamed to defend his newly-won European bantamweight title just 16 days after taking it from Italy's Vincenzo Belcastro.  Hamed, 20, from Sheffield, must fight another Italian, Antonio Picardi, by mid-August. 
President Boris Yeltsin said Friday that security on Russia's borders needed to be enforced through diplomatic and political means in an address to border guard troops, ITAR-TASS reported.  "We must not resort to force in defending our frontiers," Yeltsin said in a speech on the new conception of Russian border defence. 
The Sri Lankan cricket board dropped its disciplinary action against Test captain Arjuna Ranatunga here on Friday for boycotting the Australasia Cup in Sharjah.  Board president Tyronne Fernando said no further action would be taken because of Ranatunga's "expression of regret at the inconvenience caused" at missing the April tournament and because of his outstanding contribution to Sri Lankan cricket. 
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday that the US economy showed no signs of an inflation problem.  Testifying before the Senate Banking Committee, Greenspan said the economy did not present "widespread indications" of resurging inflation. 
World number one batsman Brian Lara's hopes of a record-equalling sixth successive first class hundred were destroyed by a teenager at Lord's on Friday.  Middlesex pace bowler Richard Johnson, 19, had the West Indian ace caught behind down the leg-side by Keith Brown for 26. 
Japan and the United States will hold working-level "framework" trade talks in Washington in early June, government sources said on Friday.  The talks on June 2-3 will centre on motor vehicles and related parts, the sources said. 
US Masters champion Jose-Maria Olazabal took a clubhouse lead with a five under par 67 in the opening round of the PGA Championship here on Friday.  The 28-year-old Spaniard, who had said he had lost the magic of Augusta and was hitting the ball sideways at times, brought the biggest cheer of the day when he pitched in from 70 yards for an eagle three at the final hole. 
Police killed a young Islamic suspect during a shoot-out on Friday in the troubled southern province of Asyut, Egyptian officials said.  It said Ali Abderrahman Salama, a 24-year-old student in the town of Asyut, was shot dead in the nearby village of Arab Miteir. Police said he was armed with a revolver and carrying false identification papers. 
Fierce artillery battles between rebels and government troops on Friday rocked the central Angolan town of Kuito on Friday, official radio reported.  The firing began on Thursday in the town of some 200,000, where control is divided between government forces and rebels of the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA), the radio said. 
Vietnam is ready to start negotiations on the fate of some 40,000 of its citizens living illegally in Germany but will only allow a "humanitarian" solution to the problem, a top official said Friday.  Do Quoc Sam, chairman of the State Planning Committee said the return of the illegal residents should be carried out in a "humanitarian and voluntary" manner. 
The president of the Schneider SA, one of France's biggest industrial groups, was charged with fraud and taken to prison at dawn here on Friday to the astonishment of the company.  In Paris, Schneider shares were suspended and then fell by 6.12 percent to 388 francs after the group said that its president, Didier Pineau-Valencienne, had been charged with forgery, using false documents, fraud, false accounting and breach or confidence. 
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday that the US economy showed no signs of an inflation problem.  Testifying before the Senate Banking Committee, Greenspan said the economy did not present "widespread indications" of resurging inflation. 
Two British women Friday won an 11th hour reprieve from an order extraditing them to the United States to face charges they plotted to murder an assistant federal attorney in 1985.  Home Secretary Michael Howard earlier Friday had ordered Susan Hagan, 47, and Sally Croft, 44, taken directly to London's Heathrow Airport and put on a flight to the United States. 
Italian Marco Saligari won the sixth stage of the Tour of Italy here on Friday after a five-man sprint to record an unusual hat-trick.  Saligari, who escaped in the breakaway in the opening kilometres of the 215km stage  between Potenza and Caserte, has now won a stage in the last three Giros. 
A group of French intellectuals carried out a threat to enter the European Union elections Friday, officially registering their "Sarajevo list" and throwing mainstream parties into disarray.  Launched on May 15 by philosopher and writer Bernard-Henri Levy, the "Europe Starts at Sarajevo" group vowed to fight the June 12 poll calling for the Moslem-dominated Bosnian government to be exempted from a UN arms embargo against ex-Yugoslavia. 
UN troops evacuated 480 civilians from the rebel-besieged Rwandan capital Kigali on Friday in a bid to save them from the civil war and ethnic slaughter among Tutsis and Hutus, a UN spokesman said.  Members of both the Tutsi and the Hutus tribes trapped in Kigali for several weeks were transferred in different convoys from areas controlled by rebel  Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) and those under government forces, spokesman Abdul Kabia said, contacted by telephone from Nairobi. 
Palestinian police have arrested two Moslem fundamentalists since being deployed in the newly-autonomous Gaza Strip, Palestinian sources said Friday.  An armed and masked HAMAS supporter was detained in Gaza City on Friday after a family dispute, between militant supporters and those who back the PLO leader Yasser Arafat's Fatah faction. 
Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn arrived home Friday from 20 years in exile, returning, he said, to a "tortured Russia" that offered no clear future to its citizens.  The 75-year-old (eds correct) Nobel prize-winning author flew into this far eastern port city after brief stopovers in Magadan, the heartland of the Soviet Gulag prison camps, and Khabarovsk, for a few days' stay before starting a train journey across his homeland. 
Blue-chip stocks continued to slide Friday after bond interest rates jumped following an unexpected upward revision of US economic growth in the first quarter.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was down 9.83 points at 3,743.63 at 11:00 a.m. (1500 GMT). 
Ethiopia is seeking the extradition of former dictator, Mengistu Haile Mariam, in exile in Zimbabwe, through legal means rather political, the country's ambassador here said Friday.  Fantahun Michael told a news conference Friday to commemorate the founding of peace and democracy in Ethiopia, that a prosecuting office in his country was given a mandate by the government to bring charges against Zimbabwe, without any political interference. 
Peace talks between Somalia's warring factions will open in the Kenyan capital on Monday, a United Nations spokesman said Friday.  The negotiations to prepare the ground for a national peace and reconciliation conference were proposed after Somalia's two chief warlords, Mohamed Farah Aidid and self-styled interim president Ali Mahdi Mohamed, signed a UN-brokered reconciliation agreement in Nairobi on March 24. 
Beggars are eyesores, discourage shoppers, drive away tourists and have no right to be on the streets, British Prime Minister John Major said in an interview published here Friday.  Major said beggars were "very offensive to many people," and that law- abiding citizens should be more vigorous in reporting them to the police. 
English Premiership side Arsenal on Friday shot down rumours they were about to sign Benfica's Ukrainian-born striker Sergei Yuran.  A spokeswoman said there was "no truth in the rumour." 
The Prince of Wales warned international business leaders Friday that the peoples of eastern Europe have not voted unconditionally for capitalism, saying they expected big business to give a greater priority to its social obligations.  The transition to democratic market economies cannot not be completed quickly or easily, the prince said. "It can involve upheavals as well as new freedoms and economic opportunities," he told an Anglo-German businessmen's seminar in Berlin. 
Canada is hoping to begin negotiations to supply China with up to seven nuclear reactors in a deal worth 10.5 billion dollars (about 7.5 billion US), a newspaper reported Friday.  The Toronto Star quoted Don Lawson, president of Atomic Energy of Canada Ltd.'s Candu operations as saying: "The Chinese are desperately short of electricity. We think we can fill some of that (shortage)." 
The justice and interior ministers resigned Friday from the caretaker Dutch government after parliament voted a no confidence motion over their handling of a long-running police scandal linked to a drugs "sting" operation.  Interior Minister Ed van Thijn quit hours after the resignation of his cabinet colleague Justice Minister Ernst Hirsch Ballin, the government press office said. 
Greece Friday called in ambassadors from its European Union partners to arbitrate in a dispute with Albania as the leader of the Greek opposition warned of looming war between the two countries.  Athens claimed Tirana had launched a new campaign of persecution against its Greek minority. 
At least three Canadians have been victims in the past few days of the flesh-eating bug that has killed at least 15 people across Britain in the past year, newspapers reported Friday.  La Presse newspaper in Montreal said a 32-year-old woman was in critical condition in a hospital in Gatineau, near Ottawa, while two other victims had been hospitalized in Toronto. 
The Moslem-dominated Bosnian army launched artillery and infantry assaults against Serb-held areas in northeastern Bosnia on Friday, the Bosnian Serb news agency SRNA said here.  More than 100 tank shells rained down on the Serb village of Priboj on Friday morning, wounding two civilians and seriously damaging houses, the agency said. 
Labour's opposition shadow housing minister John Battle said: "Homeless people in poverty are not street scroungers. It is totally depressing that the social evils of homelessness and poverty are thriving in modern Britain.  "It is a favourite tactic to scapegoat the homeless as unwelcome beggars," he said. 
Court officials compiled a list of assets belonging to Saudi Arabia's defence minister at a flat here Friday in compliance with a court order following a complaint about debts, a police source said.  The action was the second in a week at a flat belonging to Prince Sultan ibn Abdel Aziz, brother of King Fahd. 
Influential members of President Bill Clinton's own party are so enraged at his about face on China that they plan to introduce legislation to impose tough sanctions on Beijing over its human rights record.  "When the Congress reconvenes after Memorial Day, I will introduce legislation which will be more likely to encourage the Chinese government to improve its practices on trade and human rights," Senate majority leader George Mitchell said immediately after Clinton's decision was announced Thursday. 
Baltic leaders called Friday for a European Stability Pact under discussion here to be used to anchor Moscow, their historic oppressor, into an increasingly integrated Europe.  Ministers from Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia, still suspicious of Moscow for historical reasons, but keen not to see it isolated, made the call on the second day of a conference here to discuss the pact. 
South Africa has officially rejoined the International Labour Organisation (ILO) after three decades of absence during the apartheid years, the ILO announced on Friday.  The return of South Africa after last month's first all-race elections will enable the ILO to assist in the economic and social reconstruction of the newly established democracy, an ILO spokesman said. 
The US decision to maintain China's preferential trade status will boost negotiations and bringing Beijing into the soon-te-be-created World Trade Organization (WTO), the EU commission said Friday.  A commission spokesman said that while Washington's decision should not ease efforts to improve China's human rights record, "one of the best ways to improve this is to reintegrate the country into the world trade system, not to isolate it." 
Czech President Vaclav Havel's wife, Olga Havlova, is suffering from arm and leg fractures after slipping and falling on the stairs of the official residence, the presidential spokesman said Friday.  The head of state's 60-year-old wife fell late Thursday in the Prague chateau overlooking the city and was hospitalised. She is expected to need several weeks' rest, he added. 
Defending champion Steffi Graf, faced with the increasingly likely prospect of a tough semi-final clash against French teenager Mary Pierce, survived some nervous moments when she played 20-year-old South African Joanette Kruger at the French Open here on Friday.  Graf, who is chasing a fifth consecutive Grand Slam title and who has been beaten only twice in the last twelve months, finally reached the fourth-round by beating her 83rd ranked opponent 6-0, 4-6, 6-2. 
Austria's eleventh-seeded Thomas Muster, who put twice-finalist Andre Agassi out of the event in the previous round, was beaten 4-6, 7-5, 3-6, 3-6 by exciting Australian 'serve-and-volley' player Patrick Rafter  And Mikael Tillstrom, a qualifier who has never featured in the world's top-100, continued his remarkable 'giant-killing' progress at the event by defeating sixteenth-seed Richard Krajicek in straight- sets. 
The International Organisation of Migration (IOM) launched a 335,000 dollar appeal Friday to help repatriate about 4,500 immigrant workers trapped in Yemen by the civil war.  The workers mainly Filippinos, Egyptians and Palestinians are mostly employed in large hotels in the southern stronghold of Aden, IOM public relations director Peter Schatzer said. 
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday the US economy shows no signs of an inflation problem or slowing down.  Testifying before the Senate Banking Committee, Greenspan said the economy did not present "widespread indications" of resurging inflation. 
England's Nigel Mansell talks like he drives -- all over the place.  Mansell mixed serious criticisms with jokes here Friday, showing a relaxed but determined manner two days before his second Indianapolis 500 start. 
Police launched an investigation Friday into charges of false accounting against the head of a firm partly-controlled by Fininvest, the media group of premier Silvio Berlusconi, judicial sources said.  Urbano Cairo, a senior official with Mondadori Pubblicita, was questioned in connection with invoices sent by advertising agency Publivis 85, to another Fininvest company, Publitalia 80, the sources said. 
Mozambique's second national land conference ended here Friday with only agreement on the need for change.  Participants said continued use of the present land law was painfully inadequate and likely to result in increasing conflict. 
Newly democratic South Africa and war-torn Angola on Friday raised their diplomatic relations to ambassadorial level, concluding the normalisation of ties.  The agreement was signed in Cape Town by South African Foreign Minister Alfred Nzo and his Angolan counterpart Venancio de Moura. 
A Nigerian man was Friday jailed for three-and-half years by the High Court here for possessing 1,086 grammes of cocaine worth 293,220 Zimbabwe dollars (36,652 US dollars).  Princewell Dikachi Eshibenne, 29, was arrested at Harare international airport last September while in transit to Swaziland, where he intended to sell the drug. 
If Andrei Medvedev had any doubts about his fitness, they were answered at the French Open here on Friday when he had to fight his way through five gruelling sets to beat Canadian Greg Rusedski.  The 19-year-old Ukranian, who was out of tennis for three months after a knee operation earlier this year, finally scored a 2-6, 6-3, 6-4, 3-6, 6-2 win in jusat under three hours. 
Six people were killed Friday when an airliner with 27 people on board crashed shortly after take off, airport officials said.  The DC-9 was en route for Primavera near the border with Venezuela when the pilot radioed one of the engines had failed. 
Yemeni oil exports via the Red Sea port of Al-Hudaydah were being maintained at normal levels, but deliveries overland to Yemeni towns were hampered by a shortage of road tankers, Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani told AFP Friday.  Iryani said Yemen was exporting crude in exchange for refined oil from "certain sources," but declined to name the parties involved. 
Share prices slumped in London and Paris on Friday because of persistent worries about the outlook for interest rates, but in Frankfurt they rallied technically.  The Footsie index of 100 leading shares here fell below 3,000 points for the first time since September, while in Paris the CAC-40 index closed at its lowest point this year. 
Prices on the London Metals Exchange (LME) closed generally higher on Friday, lifting as lower copper stocks encouraged investors once again, traders said.  Weekly stocks on the LME fell an encouraging 12,725 tonnes to 387,000 tonnes, pushing copper up 18 dollars to close at 2,265 dollars per tonne. Dealers said some Chinese buying also helped prices. 
The Italian-based Alfa Romeo team is considering its future in the British Touring car championships after losing an appeal against disqualifications.  Alfa Romeo had their points withdrawn for races they won at Snetterton and Silverstone, because of infringements related to the position of front spoilers on their cars. 
Commodity prices acted as if on a roller-coaster this week, soaring at the beginning of the week on speculative buying before slumping later as traders took profits.  Coffee was the most dramatic example, as prices reached their highest point for seven years on Tuesday, before plunging 300 dollars per tonne in two days as speculators couldn't sell fast enough. 
England's Nigel Mansell talks like he drives -- all over the place.  Mansell mixed serious criticisms with jokes here Friday, showing a relaxed but determined manner two days before his second Indianapolis 500 start. 
Patrick Rafter reached the last 16 of a grand slam tournament for the first time after coming through an explosive third round clash with Austria's Thomas Muster at the French Open on Friday.  In one clash, the notoriously volatile Austrian appeared to spit at his opponent and afterwards he admitted to rubbing the balls on the clay surface in an attempt to slow them down. 
British military forces in Berlin staged a glorious last parade Friday in the city they helped guard for some 40 years of confrontation with the now-defunct Soviet bloc after World War II.  In their finest regalia, massed pipe and brass bands marched at the Maifeld (May Field), in what used to be the British sector of the long-divided city, before civil and military dignitaries including the Prince of Wales. 
Italian Marco Saligari won the sixth stage of the Tour of Italy here on Friday after a 210km five-man breakaway.  Saligari's triumph, just over three minutes ahead of the peleton following a sprint to the line, gave him an unusual hat-trick, allowing him to record a stage win for the third Giro running. 
The dollar tried and failed to break through 1.65 marks in Europe on Friday, rising on unexpectedly strong US growth figures, but falling on profit taking.  After the announcement that figures for US gross domestic product growth for the first quarter had been revised upwards to three percent from 2.6 percent, the dollar rose to 1.6509 marks but fell later to close at 1.6440 against 1.6415 at the close on Thursday. 
A Taiwan company is to invest 17 million dollars to set up shrimp farms in northeastern Brazil, more than doubling the country's shrimp farming industry, the Taiwan company said here Friday.  Sibra International Corporation is to set up farms in the states of Sergipe, Pernambouc, Paraiba and Rio Grande do Norte covering a total of 5,000 hectares (12,350 acres), more than doubling Brazil's shrimp farm acreage, the company's managing direcctor Li Ping said. 
The dollar fell against other major currencies here Friday in a quiet market ahead of a long holiday weekend, reversing an early rise after a surprise upward revision of first-quarter US economic growth.  The dollar's failure to break through resistance at the 1.65-mark level sent it tumbling, said Bob Newman, a trader at American Security Bank. 
The World Bank approved Friday a loan of 30 million dollars to the West Bank and Gaza Strip to help fund emergency infrastructure projects, officials said.  The credit, approved from the World Bank's trust fund for Gaza, is the first in a series of loans to fund the 128-million-dollar Emergency Rehabilitation Project. It is also being financed by the Arab Fund and several countries. 
A group of US lawmakers appealed Friday to the Justice Department to open a criminal investigation into the tobacco industry, accusing the cigarette companies of possible fraud and perjury during the recent congressional hearings into the industry.  Lawmaker Martin Meehan said Friday that confidential industry documents suggest that the heads of the United States' seven largest tobacco firms may have perjured themselves when they gave evidence. 
Pope John Paul II left Rome's Gemelli Hospital Friday after almost a month's treatment following an accident in which he broke his thighbone, hospital sources said.  The pope, 74, was admitted to the hospital after a fall in his bathroom in the Vatican on April 30. 
An Indian court on Friday banned local liquor giant McDowell and Co. from using a label patented by Scottish distiller William Grant and Sons Ltd. for their popular Glenfiddich brand of whisky.  Judge Mahinder Narain Singh of the Delhi High Court upbraided McDowell's for plagiarism in a 54-page judgement, saying the label and the "single malt whisky" endorsement were copyright infringements. 
Diego Maradona will just twiddle his thumbs if Argentina's coach Alfio Basile slaps a sex ban on his players during the World Cup.  "You have to respect what your trainer decides," Maradona said. "He has said our wives can accompany us to the United States but if he changes his mind I will just have to twiddle my thumbs." 
Shares on the London Stock Exchange registered a particularly somber week, with shares felling through the key, psychological 3,000 level on Friday as markets were nervous about possible rises in interest rates.  The FT-SE 100 index of leading shares fell to its lowest level since August, closing at 2,966.4 points on Friday -- a weekly drop of 160.9 points or 5.1 percent. 
European Cup Winners Cup holders Arsenal were at the centre of a double transfer riddle on Friday.  The English Premiership club have been linked with Benfica's Ukrainian-born striker Sergei Yuran and England Under-21 international Scott Minto, who is out of contract with London First Division club Charlton Athletic. 
Rwandan rebels said Friday they now controlled more than half of the country and urged government forces to desert and join them.  Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF), in a radio broadcast monitored by the BBC, said that areas under its control included the northern district of Byumba, Kibungo in the east, and a large part of the southern prefecture of Gitarama. 
The president of the Schneider SA, one of France's biggest industrial groups, was charged with fraud and taken into custody at dawn here on Friday, sending shock waves through the company.  Didier Pineau-Valencienne, 64, was arrested after being quizzed by investigators for more than 20 hours, having travelled to the Belgian capital voluntarily Thursday to answer questions. 
The European Union officially lifted its last sanctions against South Africa on Friday, in particular its ban on arms trade with the country, a statement said.  The move, which also includes a lifting of the ban on military cooperation, comes after the election of Nelson Mandela as president in the country's first all-race ballots. 
The International Financial Corporation (IFC) sold its 10 percent stake in the Nomura Hungarian Investment Bank to the main shareholder, Japanese Nomura Securities Co, the bank's deputy managing director said Friday.  After the sale, Nomura Securities holds a 76-percent stake in the bank with the AB-Aegon insurance company holding the rest, director Laszlo Kovacs Florian said. 
World Cup hopefuls Sweden are facing an injury setback here on Friday following their international friendly against Denmark.  Defender Roger Ljung was operated on a fractured cheek bone after Sweden's 1-0 defeat at Copenhagen while Napoli-based Jonas Thern is undergoing physiotherapy after straining a ligament in his left foot. 
Israel is developing a "biological weapon" to destroy Lebanese poppy fields and so end drug-trafficking across the border into Israel, the daily Maariv said Friday.  Police last year called on the most advanced genetic engineering techniques to develop a gene, based on poppy derivatives, capable of destroying up to 70 percent of the Lebanese crop. 
The annualised growth in South Africa's broad-based M3 money supply rose by 12.91 percent in April from March's revised figure of 12.31 percent, according to official figures published Friday.  Economists attributed the sharp increase in the M3 growth, which was well outside the Reserve (central) Bank's 6-9 percent guideline range, to an increase in the demand for credit, particularly in the government sector. 
Danish squad to play Norway in their friendly match on June 1 at Oslo:  Goalkeepers: Peter Schmeichel (Manchester United, England), Lars Hoegh (OB) 
The new Palestinian Authority will hold its official swearing-in ceremony in Jericho, PLO sources said here Friday.  Originally the members of the authority were due to be sworn-in at their first formal meeting which began late Thursday in Tunis presided over by PLO chief Yasser Arafat. 
South Africa would abide by any decision of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU) regarding a peace misison to strife-torn Rwanda, Foreign Minister Alfred Nzo said Friday.  Speaking to journalists here, Nzo said the government had not yet taken a decision about sending troops to help end the conflict in the central African state. 
Two people were killed and three were missing after a plane carrying out a medical evacuation crashed into the sea off Tahiti early Friday, officials said here.  The Mitsubishi MU2B60 aircraft with a pilot, two doctors and two Australian patients, crashed on its approach to Tahiti-Faaa airport after a flight from Rarotonga, the capital of the Cook Islands, about 800 kilometers (500 miles) West of here. 
Cito Gaston, manager of the World Series champion Toronto Blue Jays, began a three-game suspension Friday after his appeal was denied by American League president Bobby Brown.  Gaston was suspended for making physical contact with umpire Rick Reed on April 15, during a game against the California Angels. 
Close of play scores in second day of English County Championship games:  Derby: Derbyshire 230 (R A Pick 6-62) and 39-2, Nottinghamshire 199 (G F Archer 52, D E Malcolm 5-59). 
A 17-year-old boy pleaded not guilty here Friday to murdering his parents and two sisters after having what he called "a bad day."  Immediately after the Thursday shooting, police said Clay Shrout went to school where he threatened his classmates with the gun he used to kill his family. 
Four more seeds were blown away at the French Open Tennis Championships here on Friday as wintry weather invaded the famous Roland Garros Stadium to the west of the capital.  Two promising newcomers in the women's game emerged to upset the establishment, Steffi Graf went to sleep and dropped a set, and French teenager Mary Pierce was given a standing ovation as she continued to steamroller her way through the draw. 
The classy American moved one-step closer to a quarter-final duel with twice-champion Jim Courier, by disposing of Dutchman Paul Haarhuis for the loss of just six games.  Courier went one better. He dropped only five games against Sweden's Jonas Bjorkman. 
French Open officials are to investigate the first known case of ball tampering in tennis.  The issue blew up on Friday when Austria's Thomas Muster admitted he had deliberately rubbed two balls on the ground in an effort to slow them down during his four set defeat by powerful Australian Patrick Rafter. 
The bloodied, beaten corpses of two Palestinians kidnapped from their Gaza homes by a radical Islamic group were found hanged Friday on electricity pylons here, Palestinian sources said.  Hussein Duhsen, 31, and Abdel Wahab Raadi, 35, were kidnapped Wednesday by masked men in an attack claimed by HAMAS who accused them of being Israeli collaborators. 
North Korea is continuing to discharge used fuel rods from a reactor in Yongbyon, worsening the controversy over Pyongyang's nuclear program, diplomatic sources said Friday.  The latest talks in Pyongyang with an official of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on the discharge of the reactor apparently ended in failure, the sources said. 
The German stock market plunged this week due to weakness in the bond market and hints from Bundesbank chairman Hans Tietmeyer that the central bank had ruled out further interest rate cuts for the time being.  The DAX index of 30 leading shares closed Friday at 2,140.99 points, a fall of 4.83 percent on the previous week. 
Cleveland Indians relief pitcher Matt Turner has been diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease and will start chemotherapy in two weeks, the baseball team announced Friday.  Turner, 27, had surgery Tuesday to remove lymph nodes which proved malignant. 
South African Ernie Els scored a psychological blow over his rivals as he edged in front at the PGA championship here on Friday.  In January Els, 24, opened the Dubai Desert Classic with an astonishing 11 under par 61, and was never caught all week. 
Talks between the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and North Korea over the removal of fuel rods at a nuclear site have failed, deepening the nuclear crisis, diplomatic sources said Friday.  North Korea is continuing the remove then used rods, added the sources. 
Right-wing hardliner Ariel Sharon announced Friday he would run for prime minister in Israel's 1996 elections, provoking outrage from his party leader Benjamin Netanyahu.  "I intend to submit my candidacy to lead the nationalist camp and save the state of Israel, Eretz (Greater) Israel and, to a large decree, the Jewish people," the Likud MP told Israeli radio. 
The North Korean nuclear crisis deepened Friday as talks on monitoring the removal of fuel rods at a nuclear site apparently ended in failure, diplomatic sources said.  The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and North Korea were trying to agree conditions for checking the removal of fuel rods from a reactor at Yongbyon. 
Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Friday that the United States is not seeking confrontation with North Korea but will defend South Korea against any aggression from Pyongyang.  "Confrontation is emphatically not our preferred path," Christopher said in a speech to the Asia Society in New York. 
Iraq on Friday condemned the expulsion of its top diplomat in Washington, describing it as "unjustified" and based on "political and psychological" motives.  An Iraqi foreign ministry spokesman quoted by the official agency INA, monitored in Cyprus, said Iraq had been "extremely surprised" by the move. 
South African Ernie Els scored a psychological blow over his rivals as he edged in front at the PGA championship here on Friday.  In January Els, 24, opened the Dubai Desert Classic with an astonishing 11 under par 61, and was never caught all week. 
Ruud Gullit produced a part-time cameo performance to inspire World Cup-bound Holland to a 3-1 romp against outclassed Scotland on Friday.  Duncan Shearer replied with his first international goal for the visitors, but his strike could not hide the gulf between the two sides. 
Scores after the first round of the PGA Championship here on Friday (Great Britain and Ireland unless stated):  66 - Ernie Els (S Africa) 
The Tonton Macoutes, the dreaded militia that terrorized Haitians under two dictators, re-emerged Friday and pledged to lead the resistance in case of a US invasion of the impoverished Caribbean country.  The Macoutes, whose name became synonymous with savagery under the regimes of Francois "Papa Doc" Duvalier and his son, Jean-Claude "Baby Doc" Duvalier, pleged to re-organize to protect against a foreign invasion. 
Whitbread leaders Merit Cup and Brooksfield were under pressure on Friday as the pack targetted the around-the-world race pace-setters.  Tokio looked the major danger, moving up to fourth in the Whitbread 60 class by 15.32 GMT after covering a near-record 427.6 miles in 24 hours and averaging 20.7 knots during one six-hour sprint. 
Hale Irwin birdied the last three holes Friday to complete a six- under-par 64 and the lead after one round of the rain-disrupted Colonial golf tournament.  Irwin was one of the 53 players stranded on the Colonial Country Club course Thursday when thunderstorms stopped play. 
Northern Yemeni forces said Friday they controlled the strategic areas of Lahij and Abyan as well as the oil-rich province of Shabwa and the key military base at Al-Anad, a spokesman said here.  Abyan and Shabwa lie to the east of the southern stronghold of Aden, with Al-Anad and Lahij guarding the city's northern approaches. 
A teenager playing only his fourth county championship match blocked world number one batsman Brian Lara's attempt at equalling a world record at Lord's on Friday.  Middlesex paceman Richard Johnson, 19, succeeded where everyone else has failed this season, by stopping Lara from scoring another first- class century. 
Less than 24 hours after Bill Clinton approved Most-Favored-Nation trading status for China, major American fast food chain Kentucky Fried Chicken announced Friday it will invest 200 million dollars China.  KFC, a subsidy of Pepsico, said renewing MFN played a major role in its decision to make the investment over the next four years. 
Two people were killed and three were missing after a plane carrying out a medical evacuation crashed into the sea off Tahiti early Friday, officials said here.  The Mitsubishi MU2B60 aircraft with a pilot, two doctors and two Australian patients, crashed on its approach to Tahiti-Faaa airport after a flight from Rarotonga, the capital of the Cook Islands, about 800 kilometers (500 miles) West of here. 
Racers made final plans for the Indianapolis 500 here Friday, knowing that passing will be difficult and constant pressure on the favorites will be vital.  Pole-sitter Al Unser Jnr and reigning champion Emerson Fittipaldi are favorites among Sunday's 33-car field. Their new Mercedes engines provide a horsepower advantage, but their reliability is untested over 200 racing laps around the 2.5-mile (4km) oval. 
Ecologists lauded Friday the International Whaling Commission's decision to creat a huge whale sanctuary in the Southern Hemisphere but Japan blasted the move and suggested it might withdraw from the organization.  Casandra Phillips of the World Wildlife Fund said the protection zone would help ensure the survival of the largest marine mammals and bring an end to commercial whaling. 
The United States could move unilaterally to impose additional sanctions on Haiti to force its miltary leaders to give up power, Washington's envoy in the crisis said Friday.  William Gray told reporters the embargo imposed by the United Nations would take time to bite and "there may be a need for additional steps by individual countries to bear additional pressure." 
The market closed with a slight gain on light trading Friday after bonds rose on the announcement of stronger-than-expected gross domestic product reports pressed shares down in morning trading.  The Dow Jones blue-chip index closed at 3,757.14 up 3.68 points (0.1 percent). 
The dollar fell against other major currencies here Friday in a quiet market ahead of a long holiday weekend.  Gold meanwhile was up 90 cents from Thursday's closing price to 384.70 dollars an ounce. 
The North Korean nuclear crisis deepened Friday as talks on monitoring the removal of fuel rods at a nuclear site apparently ended in failure, US officials and diplomatic sources said.  The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and North Korea were trying to agree conditions for checking the removal of fuel rods from a reactor at Yongbyon. 
A doctor upset over a business deal pulled out a gun and killed two people, wounding a third, at the office of a court reporting company, witnesses said.  A man and a pregnant woman were killed and another man was in critical condition with a gunshot wound to the abdomen. 
The main opposition presidential candidate threatened Friday to shut down the government if his President Joaquin Balaguer is named the winner of what some international observers called a tainted vote.  Jose Francisco Pena Gomez said that if Balaguer was proclaimed the winner without clearing up reports of fraud, senators, deputies and other officials from the Dominican Revolutionary Party (PRD) would refuse to be sworn in. 
Four tourists were among six people killed Wednesday when their sightseeing plane crashed in northwestern British Columbia, city authorities said Friday.  Police identified three of the dead as Fleur Pichon of London, Christine McCarthy of Rotorua, New Zealand and Louis Couvillion of Los Angeles. 
The Russian minister for privatization on Friday accused the mayor of Moscow of waging a "campaign" against privatization laws, warning of an imminent social "explosion" unless reform is allowed to go ahead.  Vice-premier Anatoly Chubais said he had called on the capital's city authorities to overturn decisions made by mayor Yuri Lujkov, which he said are preventing ownership reform going ahead, according to news agencies. 
The chief prosecutor in the self-proclaimed republic of Dniestr was seriously injured and his wife killed in a bomb attack, city officials said here Friday.  The explosion, which occurred Thursday as the couple walked into an elevator, also seriously injured the bodyguards protecting prosecutor Boris Luchik, two city councillors said. 
The two-month-old cub of a cougar killed after it attacked a jogger has attracted more donations than the children of the dead runner.  As of late last week, the cub had received 21,000 dollars in donations and the children of jogger Barbara Schoener 9,000 dollars. 
Ukraine said Friday it would keep the controversial Chernobyl nuclear power station open, and costed its closure and replacement at 14 billion dollars, double an estimate of just a fortnight ago, Russian news agencies reported.  Deputy Prime Minister Valery Shmarov said May 16 that decommissioning Chernobyl would cost between six and eight billion dollars, a figure twice the previous three billion dollar estimate quoted by the authorities in Kiev. 
The Tonton Macoutes, the dreaded militia that terrorized Haitians under two dictators, re-emerged Friday and pledged to lead the resistance if the United States invaded the impoverished Caribbean country.  The Macoutes, whose name became synonymous with savagery under the regimes of Francois "Papa Doc" Duvalier and his son, Jean-Claude "Baby Doc" Duvalier, pleged to re-organize to protect against any invasion. 
Two policemen were gunned down at a highway patrol station in a Moscow suburb Friday, Interfax news agency said quoting the interior ministry.  Unknown assailants sprayed them with automatic gunfire before escaping. The gunmen's car was later found abandoned, the ministry said. 
US-Canadian negotiations have failed to resolve disputes over a plan to protect Pacific salmon, prompting Canada to begin work on its own program, Canadian Fisheries Minister Brian Tobin said here Friday.  Tobin said that talks were hampered by conflicting interests of US states involved in the matter -- Alaska, Washington and Oregon. 
Bill Clinton's emphasis on liberalizing US family and abortion policy at home and abroad has made for tense relations as he prepares to meet the pope.  Clinton will meet Pope John Paul II June 2 when he arrives in Rome on his way through Europe for D-Day commemorations. 
President Bill Clinton welcomed news Friday that an international whaling body had created a huge no-hunting zone ringing the South Pole over Japan's stiff objections.  "We are pleased that we were able to get so many other countries to agree to a sanctuary," the president said in a statement. 
The United States is willing to help the United Nations strengthen a mission aimed at ending the carnage in Rwanda, but has no plans to involve US troops, the White House said Friday.  President Bill Clinton told UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali at a White House meeting that Washington would continue helping find countries willing to send troops to the African country where an estimated 200,000 people have been slaughtered in ethnic fighting. 
Death and destruction such as events in the former Yugoslavia have wrought could be overcome with unity among Muslim, Western and post- communist nations, the Aga Khan said Friday.  The Aga Khan, leader the world's 25 million Ismaili Muslims, said Western science and democracy, Muslim values and the communist emphasis on social welfare should be fused to prevent such conflicts. 
North Korea has resumed removal of fuel rods at a nuclear site after talks failed on efforts to have the procedure monitored by international experts, the International Atomic Energy Agency said Friday.  In a letter to UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, IAEA director general Hans Blix said the action could prevent inspectors from determining whether nuclear fuel was being diverted for weapons. 
North Korea has resumed removal of fuel rods at a nuclear site in defiance on international inspectors, which could make a full accounting of weapons-grade fuel impossible, the International Atomic Energy Agency said Friday.  In a letter to UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, IAEA director general Hans Blix said the action could prevent inspectors from determining whether nuclear fuel was being diverted for weapons. 
Ukraine may have no choice but to pull its ships out of the Crimean port of Sevastopol to make way for Russia's Black Sea fleet, an advisor to Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk said here Friday.  "We will have to accept that Sevastopol is a Russian naval base and transfer our own navy to Balaklava," some 10 kilometres (six miles) to the south, Nikola Mikhailchenko said. 
It is too early to tell whether allowing Gerry Adams, president of the IRA's political wing, to visit America earlier this year was a mistake for the peace process, US President Bill Clinton told the BBC Friday.  "I don't think we can know yet whether the decision was or was not a mistake in terms of what will happen over the long run. I think plainly it was designed to further the debate and I hope it did that," he said. 
Share prices on Wall Street remained closely tied to long-term interest rates this past week, with stocks closing Friday slightly down as interest rates edged up slightly.  A slight drop in long-term interest rates the previous week following the Federal Reserve's latest decision to tighten monetary policy pushed up share prices more than 100 points. 
Christine Stewart, Canada's secretary of state for South America and Africa, announced Friday that she would travel to Brazil, Ecuador and Colombia in early June.  The trip will focus on human rights, democracy and regional integration, said Stewart, who will be in Ecuador on June 1 before travelling to Colombia. 
Norway on Friday vowed to continue hunting the minke whale and dismissed an international move to establish a whale sancutary in the Antarctic as having no scientific basis.  "Norway's policy remains the same," foreign ministry spokesman Ingvar Havnen told AFP. "The government should take a formal decision in a few weeks' time on the quotas." 
North Korea has resumed refueling at a nuclear site, defying international inspectors and threatening to make a full accounting of weapons-grade fuel impossible, the International Atomic Energy Agency said Friday.  IAEA director general Hans Blix said the accelerated pace of fuel rod removal could, within days, make it impossible for inspectors to determine whether weapons-grade plutonium had been diverted to military uses at the site at Yongbyon. 
Following are excerpts of a letter from International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Hans Blix to UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali on the failed talks on nuclear inspections in North Korea:  In my letter to you of 19 May, I asked you to bring an important new development in the DPRK (North Korea) to the attention of the Security Council. This was that, despite agency requests to the contrary, the DPRK had started operations related to the refueling of its 5MWe experimental nuclear power reactor without enabling safeguards activities stated by the agency as being indispensable at the time of the refueling .... 
Flamboyant defense lawyer Ellis Rubin said Friday he had been hired by a teen who plans to tell all about tennis phenomenon Jennifer Capriati's off-court life.  Rubin said 18-year-old Nathan Wilson, a high school dropout who has been treated for substance abuse, has known Capriati for about a month and planned to discuss her recent activities at a press conference on Saturday. 
Nancy Ramsbottom, still looking for her first win in 10 years on the women's golf tour, carded a second-round 71 here Friday to stretch her lead in the Corning Classic to two shots.  Ramsbottom's effort, seven shots higher than her opening 64, included a three-putt from three feet for a double bogey at the sixth. 
US President Bill Clinton on Friday ruled out any move by the United States to lift an arms embargo on Bosnia-Hercegovina in the absence of a ceasefire there.  "A lot people have said things in this Bosnian thing ... as a way of shifting to others the responsibility they have for their own frustrations," he told a BBC interviewer. 
Greek Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou late Friday pledged to pursue diplomatic efforts to resolve a row with Albania but warned that his government was also prepared to take other measures.  Greece has accused Albania of launching a new campaign to persecute its Greek minority, which is estimated by Athens to number 400,000 and 60,000 by Albanian authorities. 
Heavy shelling, reportedly by Bosnian Serbs, of the northern Bosnian town of Gradacac killed one civilian and injured two on Friday, United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) spokesman Major Dacre Holloway said.  Around 130 artillery shells and mortars rained down on the region, including 10 to 15 on the town itself, he said. 
North Korea has resumed refueling at a nuclear site, defying international inspectors and threatening to make a full accounting of weapons-grade fuel impossible, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Friday.  IAEA director general Hans Blix said the accelerated pace of fuel rod removal could, within days, make it impossible for inspectors to determine whether weapons-grade plutonium had been diverted to military uses at the site at Yongbyon. 
A new peace plan for Yemen was presented Friday to the Security Council by Oman, which will take over the chairmanship of the council next Wednesday, diplomats said.  The plan calls for an immediate ceasefire and a resumption of talks between the north and south, which have been at war since May 5, Arab and western diplomats said. 
Former US Open champion Scott Simpson played 36 holes in nine-under- par 131 here Friday for the early lead in the unfinished second round of the Colonial golf tournament.  But the American doubted he would remain atop the leaderboard when the second round was completed Saturday morning. 
Russian President Boris Yeltin's leading opponents, headed by his former deputy Alexander Rutskoi and Communist Party leader Gennadi Zyuganov, are to meet Saturday to map out a strategy for returning to power.  Their National Council in the "parliamentary centre" here will bring together communists, nationalists and all those who refused to sign the peace pact Yeltsin put forward in April. 
The World Bank has awarded a loan of 150 million dollars to fund a soil erosion project in China's Loess Plateau, officials said.  Juergen Voegele, World Bank task manager for the 248.7 million dollar project, said in announcing the credit Thursday that erosion has continued on the Loess Plateau largely uninterrupted for thousands of years, turning it into "something like the surface of the moon." 
British Prime Minister John Major Friday found himself at the centre of new political storm after he lambasted beggars as an "offensive" eyesore and urged tough action against them.  Opposition Labour MPs and charity groups immediately accused Major of shrugging off responsibility for dealing with the homeless after his remarks were published in a west of England newspaper, the Bristol Evening Post. 
A famine has begun to appear in southern Sudan, where children aged six months to five years are showing signs of malnutrition, the relief agency Medecins Sans Frontiers (Doctors Without Borders) reported Friday.  It said 45.4 percent of young children in the region were generally malnourished, while in the Alek region 10.3 percent were suffering from severe malnutrition. 
A high-ranking Iranian diplomat has been ordered out of Britain, following reports that Iranian intelligence has been in contact with the banned Irish Republican Army (IRA), the Guardian said Saturday.  But London was trying to keep the move secret in the hope Tehran would not retaliate in the latest in a series of rows between the two countries, the paper added. 
The southern road from Kigali to the Burundi border is awash with refugees, government soldiers, militiamen and "patriots" in a region that could become the frontline as rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front (FPR) closes in.  FPR forces have already captured large chunks of the north and east of the country and are moving to the centre. 
North Korea is expected to soon test a new missile following last year's launching of the Nodong-1, capable of reaching Japan's west coast, newspapers here said Saturday.  The Yomiuri Newspaper, citing military sources, said that Japanese officials received the information from the US government, which confirmed last week through its satellite that Pyongyang is prepared to test fire a missile. 
Japanese corporate profits are expected to edge upward by an average of 6.2 percent in the current year to March 1995 following a four-year slump, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun said Saturday.  According to the newspaper, 1,473 major companies excluding financial institutions forecast higher pre-tax profits of a total 6.952 trillion yen (67 billion dollars) following a 16.6 percent fall in the year to March. 
Japan's NEC Corp. plans to boost production of 16-megabit dynamic random-access memory (DRAM) chips at its plants in the United States, Singapore and Ireland, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun said Saturday.  NEC Electronics, a US subsidiary of the major computer company, will invest additional seven billion yen (68 million dollars) in expanding facilities to raise its monthly output, the daily said. 
Chinese dissident intellectual Yu Haocheng left Beijing Saturday for the United States, more than three years after he first applied to the authorities here for an exit visa, his wife said.  "Yu left this morning on a Northwest Airlines flight for New York," where he is to take up a research and teaching post at Columbia University, his wife said. 
Loans to the West Bank and Gaza Strip promised by the international community to support a 1993 autonomy accord have not been disbursed because of the area's inadequate financial structure, said a World Bank source Friday.  The bank said Thursday that it had approved a 128-million-dollar loan from a trust fund it is coordinating for Gaza to run schools and roads and provide water and electricity. 
Tens of thousands of people turned out here Friday for an anti- government demonstration led by the Union of Democratic Forces, the day after Luben Berov's centrist government survived a no-confidence motion.  Filip Dimitrov, chairman of the anti-communist UDF, called on UDF supporters to demonstrate throughout the summer to provoke early elections and said he was prepared to strike a reasonable bargain with other groups to achieve that aim. 
Canada has written off half of the debt it is owed by the Ivory Coast, around 58 million US dollars, and has rescheduled the other half over 23 years, Ivory Coast Economy and Finance Minister Niamien N'Goran said Friday.  The first repayments of the rescheduled debt will fall due after a six year grace period, he said. 
North Korea has resumed refueling at a nuclear site, defying international inspectors and threatening to make a full accounting of weapons-grade fuel impossible, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Friday.  IAEA director general Hans Blix said the accelerated pace of fuel rod removal could, within days, make it impossible for inspectors to determine whether weapons-grade plutonium had been diverted to military uses at the site at Yongbyon. 
A former state legislator, his son and a police officer were mowed down in a hail of gunfire as police attempted to take the son into custody Friday.  The shootout began when five officers accompanied by former Republican state senator Joe Mercer, 57, approached Mercer's son Stephen at his home. Authorities were attempting to take Stephen into custody for a mental evaluation. 
An explosion rocked a chemical plant here Friday, killing one person and forcing 1,700 nearby residents to flee their homes.  Flames shot hundreds of meters (yards) into the sky and a dark cloud billowed above the site before firefighters were able to bring the blaze under control. 
China's crucial 1994 state-bond issue has been largely successful with all two-year bonds sold out ahead of schedule and 67 percent of their three-year equivalents taken up, the ministry of finance said Saturday.  The 27-billion-yuan (three-billion-dollar) issue of two-year treasury bonds was sold out May 25, five days before the cut-off date, the ministry said, adding that 40.25 billion yuan of the 60 billion-yuan three-year bond issue had also been sold. 
US President Bill Clinton has urged France to keep its troops in Bosnia-Hercegovina until all possibilities for peace in the former Yugoslav republic have been exhausted.  Clinton, in a radio interview broadcast early Saturday by France Inter and France Info, acknowledged that the French government might not want to maintain forces in Bosnia if they were to become targets in the fighting. 
Britain has denied visas to two outspoken Chinese dissidents in the United States who had planned to visit Hong Kong for a seminar, local newspapers said Saturday.  Liu Binyan and Ruan Ming were quoted as saying that the British consulate in New York had denied them visas to Hong Kong on instructions from the British colony's immigration department. 
The South Korean economy grew 8.8 percent in the three months up to March, the biggest quarterly gain since 1991, the central Bank of Korea (BOK) said Saturday.  The bank said the gross national product (GNP) growth rate, calculated on a year-to-year basis, was the highest since the 10.7 percent figure in the second quarter of 1991. 
The Palestinian National Authority has adopted a political program for an interim period of autonomy on the Gaza Strip and in the West Bank town of Jericho and has made 14 apointments in the provisonal government, a PLO spokesman announced here Saturday.  Yasser Abed Rabbo said the Authority, which is to be headed by Palestine Liberation Organization Chairman Yasser Arafat, would meet again here Saturday principally to name ministers of interior and information. 
Two Bangladeshi members of parliamentary have left Dhaka for the first-ever visit by MPs here to Israel, the Daily Star newspaper reported Saturday.  Ziaur Rahman of the ruling Bangladesh Nationalist Party and deputy opposition leader and Awami league lawmaker Abdus Samad Azad left Dhaka late Friday for a 10-day visit that will include the Palestinian autonomous region of Jericho on the West Bank of the Jordan River. 
Silangan Airways, a new domestic airline operating in the Philippines, has been forced to suspend operations due to a management dispute and failure to meet government conditions, an airline official said Saturday.  Emmanuel Jimenez, head of the airline's passenger service, said they hoped to resume operations next week after settling issues with the state aviation agencies which led to the suspension Friday. 
Accidents involving ferries, the most popular mode of transportation in Bangladesh, have killed 4,000 people in 22 years, the Financial Express newspaper reported Saturday.  Citing an official investigation report, the daily said that of the 300 accidents on the nation's 230 rivers where deaths resulted, the ferries were overloaded or guided by unskilled operators. 
At least 13 people were killed and hundreds injured as ethnic riots flared in the north-eastern frontier state of Assam between native Assamese and Bodo tribespeople, news reports said Saturday.  Bodo arsonists torched 10 villages as the rioting broke out Friday in the countryside centred on the district of Kokrajhar, the Press Trust of India (PTI) said, adding that the death toll was expected to increase. 
An Indian court has asked a local clone of Playboy to stop publication in an interim ruling on a trademark infringement suit brought by the US adult magazine.  Playboy Enterprises Inc., sued publishers of Playway in the Delhi High Court alleging the Indian publication was trying to pass itself off as the original, which is not circulated in the country. 
South Korea summoned an emergency meeting of senior officials here Saturday hours after the IAEA reported problems in checking suspicions that North Korea was covering up a nuclear weapons program.  At the meeting, called by Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo, officials discussed the North's moves and possible motives. But they decided to refrain from comment pending a full IAEA report, a ministry spokesman said. 
Britain has refused visas to two outspoken Chinese dissidents in the United States who had planned to attend a Tiananmen Square anniversary seminar in Hong Kong, reports said Saturday.  News that Liu Binyan and Ruan Ming had been turned down came on the day dissident intellectual Yu Haocheng left Beijing for the United States. 
Japanese socialist leaders on Saturday emphasised their desire for a key role in creating a new coalition to replace Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata's minority government.  Tomiichi Murayama, chairman of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), said at the party's central committee the SDP "must return to power and actively participate in moves to establish a new coalition framework." 
Political opponents of Russian President Boris Yeltsin launched a bitter attack Saturday on his economic reform policies at a congress being held to map out a united opposition strategy.  In an opening speech, former foreign trade minister Sergei Glaziyev criticized the "destruction of entire sectors of the economy" which was now "irreversible." 
Northern forces control the whole of the key military base of Al-Anad guarding the approaches to the southern stronghold of Aden, correspondents reported Saturday.  Southern forces positioned some 10 to 15 kilometres (six to nine miles) south of the base fired salvoes of Katyusha rockets at forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh, an AFP correspondent said after visiting the base Friday. 
The International Atomic Energy Agency officially confirmed Saturday that North Korea had refused to allow its inspectors to check the refuelling of a nuclear reactor to make sure no fuel was being diverted to make nuclear weapons.  The isolated communist state had said "it could not accept the verification measures proposed," the agency said in a statement. 
The International Atomic Energy Agency officially confirmed Saturday that North Korea had refused to allow its inspectors to check the refuelling of a nuclear reactor to make sure no fuel was being diverted to make nuclear weapons.  The isolated communist state had said it could not accept the verification measures proposed, the agency said in a statement. 
Thailand's Supreme Court has acquitted a local man accused of the 1989 murder of a Saudi diplomat, saying witnesses could not remember enough detail of the killer's face, reports said Saturday.  Judge Jaran Hatthakam on Friday freed Adinan Songkerwala, 26, who had denied shooting Saleh Abdullah Al-Maliki, 35, a third secretary at the Saudi Embassy, the news reports said. 
Indian troops were called out Saturday to restore peace after rioting left at least 13 people dead and hundreds injured in the north-eastern frontier state of Assam.  The Assam government called in the army to the riot-hit district of Kokrajhar after sending police and paramilitary reinforcements, Chief Minister Hiteshwar Saikia told the Press Trust of India. 
US satellite maker Hughes Aircraft has confirmed that the launch later this year of three satellites aboard Chinese rockets will go ahead as planned, despite a recent launch-site explosion, the China Daily said Saturday.  The April 2 explosion, which killed two people and injured 20 more during testing for a new Chinese geostationary satellite at the Xichang launch centre in western Sichaun province, had cast doubts over the launch of the Hughes-made satellites. 
Sporadic fighting between Rwandan rebels and government forces continued in Kigali overnight with both sides exchanging artillery and small arms fire, a UN spokesman said Saturday.  But the clashes subsided early Saturday and UN troops planned to continue evacuating civilians from the rebel-besieged capital during the lull, spokesman Abdul Kabia said, contacted by telephone from Nairobi. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin on Saturday sent a telegram welcoming Nobel literature prize-winner Alexander Solzhenitsyn back to his native land.  Yeltsin said he was "certain that your talent and your experience as a historian and thinker will help us to rebuild Russia." 
South Korea on Saturday reacted cautiously to North Korea's renewed brinkmanship in the nuclear standoff, withholding official comment pending further word from an international watchdog on the dispute.  "Until the IAEA makes an official report, the government is not in a position to make any comment," Ambassador Kim Sam-Hoon, in charge of nuclear issues, said in a press statement. 
Four people were killed and three injured Saturday when assailants shot at some communal taxis then set several of them on fire, South African police said.  The attackers, who were not immediately identified, fled the scene, police said. 
Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn went shopping on Saturday morning for the first time since returning from 20 years in exile and was astonished by the prices.  The Nobel literature laureate was astounded to discover that sausages cost 10,000 rubles a kilo on Vladivostok's central market. 
Indian army troops captured a top Kashmiri Moslem militant leader Saturday in the state capital of Srinagar, army sources said.  Maussam Ali, supreme commander of the Al-Barq organisation, offered no resistance and gave himself up after his hideout in the Rajbagh district was surrounded by troops, the sources said. 
Prize-winning author Alexander Solzhenitsyn came face to face with the reality of Russian life on Saturday when he got stuck in a hospital lift for more than 20 minutes.  The Nobel literature laureate returned to Russia on Friday from 20 years of exile, mainly spent in his Vermont hideaway in the United States. 
North Korea on Saturday defended moves to go ahead with the unmonitored removal of fuel rods at a controversial nuclear reactor as necessary to prevent economic losses and radioactive leakage.  The North Korean Workers Party newspaper commented that the country would never allow sampling of the fuel rods by the IAEA, "no matter what others say and what counter-action they may take." 
Oscar De la Hoya kept his World Boxing Organisation junior lightweight title when he stopped Italian Giorgio Campanella in three spectacular rounds here Friday.  The only United States gold medal winner from the 1992 Barcelona Olympics was knocked down by a left hook in the first 15 seconds but knocked his Italian challenger down in the second. 
Another 13 luxury hotels with a total of 3,708 rooms will be built on the resort island of Bali within two years, a press report said here Saturday.  The Bisnis Indonesia daily quoted an official with the tourism ministry, Acep Hidayat, as saying that investment in the new hotels was estimated to reach one trillion rupiah (464 million dollars). 
Andrea Montermini crashed in practice here Saturday for the Spanish Grand Prix.  He went out of control on the long straight in front of the stands and masrahlls had to cut him out of the wreckage of his Simtek. 
The players and officials who won the Thomas and Uber Cup badminton team titles for Indonesia which each get a 25 million rupiah (11,625 dollar) bonus, press reports said Saturday.  The Kompas daily quoted Indonesian badminton association chairman Suryadi as saying that businessmen and sponsors would give 800 million rupiah (372,000 dollars). 
One of the main goals of the new Palestinian Authority is to win back all the territory occupied by Israel since 1967, including East Jerusalem, PLO spokesman Yasser Abed Rabbo said Saturday.  The authority's objectives are set out in its first political programme, adopted by a meeting here but still to be ratified by the Palestine Liberation Organisation's executive committee. 
Khmer Rouge leader Khieu Samphan has raised the possibility of group members joining the Cambodian government and armed forces in a speech during peace talks in Pyongyang.  In the speech dated Friday, and obtained here Saturday, Khieu Samphan said Cambodia should set up a framework "to be used as the basis for the formation of the national government and the unified national army which include all the Cambodian national parties." 
Right-wing Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Saturday dismissed concerns in neighbouring European states about the presence of neo-fascist ministers in his cabinet.  In an interview with the Washington Post, Berlusconi said the five ministers from the neo-fascist National Alliance had nothing in common with extreme-right forces elsewhere in Europe. 
A Lebanese drug-trafficker was executed by a firing squad at dawn Saturday after being sentenced to death for the murder of three policemen, state-run television reported.  Shaker Amran al-Bridi was executed in Syrian-controlled eastern Lebanon where on March 20 he killed three members of a anti-drug squad trying to control drugs in the eastern Bekaa valley. 
Six people were killed and six injured on Saturday when armed motorists opened fire on some communal taxis, South African police said.  Police spokesman Captain Wikus Weber said the attack was almost certainly connected with an ongoing "taxi war." 
Andrea Montermini, in his first Grand Prix meeting for Roland Ratzenberger who was killed at San Marino, crashed in practice here Saturday for the Spanish Grand Prix.  He went out of control as he came out of the bend leading into the long straight in front of the stands. His car slewed across the track and into the sand-trap before hitting a low wall. 
Artur Jorge has yet to sign for Benfica, the Portuguese champions' president Manuel Damasio said Saturday.  Jorge, who steered Paris St Germain to the French league title this season, had been expected to take over from current coach Toni. 
A lion mauled his Romanian trainer to death during a public show at a circus here, the Al-Qabas daily said Saturday.  The audience fled in panic as Madame Elena, 52, was attacked by the lion when it angrily clamped her neck in its jaws after tumbling off its podium onto her during the act. 
The president of the breakaway Caucasus republic of Chechnya, Dzhokar Dudayev, has escaped an assassination attempt in which his interior minister and deputy were killed, Dudayev's spokesman said Saturday.  Spokesman Movladi Udugov said that on Friday evening, a booby-trapped Zhiguli car exploded as the president's motorcade was passing. 
Thai and United Nations officials Saturday continued to scour the border with Cambodia for two missing Belgians, one of them a UN employee, but a Thai officer said they still had no clue to their whereabouts.  Heavy rain continued to hamper the search, said a member of the military's Suranari task force reached by telephone from Bangkok. 
Russian former vice president Alexander Rutskoi, Boris Yeltsin's key rival and sworn enemy, urged the hardline opposition to unite on Saturday to speed the restoration of the Soviet Union.  Rutskoi urged the "union of all opposition forces," saying together they "were the only way to restore the state within the borders of the Soviet Union," in a speech to an opposition congress held Saturday to map out a common political strategy. 
The UN food agency said Saturday that some 1.6 million Rwandans displaced since the country plunged into civil war seven weeks ago were in desperate need of food aid.  The World Food Programme (WFP) was, jointly with the Red Cross, feeding 240,000 displaced people in accessible areas of Kigali, northeastern and southern Rwanda, but that was just a fraction of those in need, a WFP statement released here said. 
"He talked to doctors and was taken to hospital for a precautionary scanner and x-ray," the spokesman said. 
South Korea on Saturday urged North Korea to immediately stop the controversial refuelling of a nuclear reactor, warning that the situation could degenerate into a crisis.  "The (South Korean) government strongly urges North Korea to immediately stop removing the used fuel rods ... and carry out its obligations related to nuclear safeguards of the Non-Proliferation Treaty," the foreign ministry said in a statement. 
The president of the breakaway Caucasus republic of Chechnya, Dzhokar Dudayev, has escaped an assassination attempt in which his interior minister and deputy were killed, Dudayev's spokesman said Saturday.  Spokesman Movladi Udugov said that on Friday evening, a remote- controlled booby-trapped Zhiguli car exploded as the president's motorcade was passing. 
Gunmen opened fire on two minibus-taxis in central Johannesburg on Saturday, killing six people and wounding another six, police said.  Spokesman Wikus Weber said the attack was almost certainly connected with an ongoing "taxi war." 
A South African general who has just resigned as head of military intelligence ordered the 1985 murder of anti-apartheid activist Matthew Goniwe, a judicial commission announced Saturday.  Goniwe was killed with three other black militants on June 27 of that year. 
French hope Julie Halard gave the early Roland Garros centre-court spectators plenty to cheer when she beat ninth-seeded American Lindsay Davenport to reach the last-sixteen of the women's singles at the French Open here on Saturday.  The 23-year-old Halard, who has risen to 24th in the world rankings after an excellent season, took just over an hour to score an impressive 6-4, 6-2 win. 
Cambodia's King Norodom Sihanouk said Saturday peace talks in Pyongyang had agreed on forming a standing committee to solve issues between the government and the Khmer Rouge, a press report said.  In a speech at a banquet, hosted by North Korean President Kim Il- Sung, Sihanouk thanked him for helping arrange the talks which began Friday in the North Korean capital bringing together Cambodian leaders, the Korean Central News Agency said. 
The International Atomic Energy Agency admitted failure Saturday in its attempts to monitor the refuelling of a nuclear reactor in North Korea as Pyongyang defended the operation.  In Seoul the South Korean government called on the North to stop the controversial refuelling at the five-megawatt Yongbyon reactor, warning that the situation could degenerate into a crisis. 
A mission from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) left Pyongyang Saturday, winding up a five-day visit, the Korean Central News Agency said in a brief dispatch monitored here.  The team, led by Dimitri Perricos of the agency's safeguards department, has failed to persuade North Korea to allow IAEA inspectors to check the refuelling of a nuclear reactor, the IAEA headquarters in Vienna said. 
Michael Schumacher, who has won the first four races of the season, improved his qualifying time in unofficial practice here Saturday for the Spanish Grand Prix.  The second qualifying session had been slightly delayed by an accident to Andrea Montermini. 
"He talked to doctors and was taken to hospital for a precautionary scanner and x-ray," the spokesman said.  Marshalls pulled him out of his wrecked car but first took him to the circuit medical centre before flying him to the General de San Cugat hospital. 
The president of the breakaway Caucasus republic of Chechnya has escaped unhurt from a car-bomb attack in which his interior minister and deputy as well as their driver were killed, a presidential spokesman said Saturday.  The cabinet of the Moslem republic, which has declared independence from Russia, met in emergency session after the attack and a curfew was imposed for a month. Sunday was declared a day of official mourning throughout the republic in southern Russia. 
Northern Yemeni tribesmen have released three Dutch hostages they kidnapped two months ago, a Yemeni leader told AFP Saturday.  The official, who asked to remain anonymous, said two were released late Friday in the Marib region, east of Sanaa and were due to leave Yemen for the Netherlands late Saturday. 
Coach Berti Vogts tries out several options when world champions Germany play Ireland in a World Cup warm-up match here on Sunday.  Martin Wagner and Mario Basler are given a run-out in midfield with Thomas Hassler being the notable absentee. 
A South African general who resigned in March as head of military intelligence proposed (Eds: correct) the 1985 murder of anti-apartheid activist Matthew Goniwe, a judge announced Saturday after a two-year inquiry.  Goniwe was killed with three other black militants on June 27 of that year. Their bodies were mutilated and burnt. 
France, which gave the world the "French" poodle, is now offering a way to keep it trim and clean -- cheaply.  An entrepreneur in this central city responded to what he called a "real need" in recession-hit France by opening the country's first do- it-yourself grooming salon for canines -- a "lav-dog." 
The heads of state of Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda and Zaire will meet in the Kenyan capital on June 6, to discuss the Rwandan crisis, officials here said on Saturday.  The meeting is being convened by Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi. 
Cambodian peace talks in Pyongyang ended "with success" after supporting the idea of forming a standing committee to discuss differences between the government and the Khmer Rouge, a press report said Saturday.  The Korean Central News Agency, monitored here, said the roundtable conference unanimously supported the "principles" of a ceasefire in Cambodia and "defending the national and territorial unity of the country." 
Mystery surrounded the end of a hostage-taking on Saturday, as Russian officials said that the body of one of the captors had not been found and a radio station reported that a ransom had also disappeared.  The reports contradicted official statements on Friday according to which three gunmen who hijacked a schoolbus had been arrested and a fourth shot dead after a helicopter chase which ended in the breakaway Moslem republic of Chechnya. 
Mairead Maguire, a Northern Ireland activist who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1976, was ordered expelled upon landing in the Philippines Saturday to attend an outlawed conference on East Timor.  Maguire and fellow Irish activist Tom Hyland were detained by immigration officials at the Manila International Airport, and were expected to be deported as soon as possible. 
Indian army troops with orders to shoot rioters on sight took positions Saturday after a burst of ethnic violence left at least 17 people dead and many injured in the northeastern frontier state of Assam.  The army joined police and paramilitary reinforcements in the riot-hit district of Kokrajhar, where fighting between Bodo tribespeople and Assamese natives broke out late Friday, the Press Trust of India (PTI) said. 
Michael Schumacher, who has won the first four races of the season, was head and shoulders above the field in his Benetton-Ford as he won pole position here Saturday for the Spanish Grand Prix.  He was joined on the front row by Damon Hill of Britain in a Williams- Renault. Hill had been third fastest in the first qualifying session on Friday. 
Alberto Berasategui was too quick on the draw for Yefgeny Kafelnikov in Saturday's French Open shootout between two of the young guns of men's tennis.  The Spaniard, who upset Jim Courier to win the Nice Open last month, hit a stream of winners from the baseline to notch up a 6-3, 6-2, 6-2 victory and move into the last 16 of a grand slam tournament for the first time in his career. 
The gulags of Magadan, where former political prisoner and Nobel literature laureate Alexander Solzhenitsyn set foot on Russian soil for the first time in 20 years this week, have given way to a new breed of prison.  Labour camp Number Four is built on a road constructed 50 years ago by "zeks" (prisoners) on the site of an old gulag -- prison-cum- concentration camp -- dating from the era of Russian dictator Josef Stalin. 
Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn on Saturday attacked the "false democracy" he said had taken hold in Russia since the collapse of communism, at his first press conference after his return from exile.  The 75-year-old Nobel prize-winner, who came back after 20 years as the conscience of his much-changed nation, proclaimed himself "absolutely against the parties" but was vague on his own political aims. 
The Guangdong authorities have executed 33 people as part of a major clampdown on car theft which has reached epidemic proportions in the southern Chinese province, according to a report seen here Saturday.  The 33 were among 101 criminals given public trials across the province, the Yangcheng Evening News said in its Friday edition. 
The Philippines Saturday expelled a Nobel peace prize winner from Northern Ireland, Mairead Maguire, who defied a ban on foreigners attending an outlawed international human rights conference on East Timor.  Maguire, 50, who won the Nobel prize in 1976, and her companion Tom Hyland, were ordered to board the same KLM jet that took them to the Philippines from Europe late Saturday. Its final destination was Amsterdam. 
UN envoy Yasushi Akashi has invited the warring parties in Bosnia- Hercegovina to negotiate a comprehensive cessation of hostilities at a meeting in Geneva Thursday and Friday, the UN Protection Force announced Saturday.  The co-chairmen of the peace conference in the former Yugoslavia, Lord Owen of the European Union and Thorvald Stoltenberg of the United Nations, as well as US special envoy Charles Redman and his Russian counterpart Vitaly Churkin were also invited, a UNPROFOR statement said. 
The United States will keep up the pressure on Beijing over human rights, despite de-linking the issue from trade, US Secretary of State Warren Christopher has pledged.  Christopher, addressing the Asia Society here late Friday, the day after Washington renewed the most favoured nation (MFN) status for China for another year, said that the United States would not rely "on the invisible hand of economics alone" when dealing with Beijing. 
Foreign ministry officials briefed diplomats here Saturday on Lebanon's call for a UN Security Council meeting to discuss Israel's kidnapping of a Moslem guerrilla chief from his Lebanese home.  Foreign ministry secretary general Zafer al-Hassan met with ambassadors from the five permanent Security Council members, Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States, to discuss the issue. 
More than 80,000 people in the central Vietnamese province of Quang Tri face famine because of poverty and bad harvests, said a government report quoted Saturday by the unionist newspaper Lao Dong.  About half of those affected belong to ethnic minorities in the mountainous region of Huong Hoa, according to a study this week by government officials. 
UN envoy Yasushi Akashi has invited the warring parties in Bosnia- Hercegovina to negotiate a comprehensive cessation of hostilities at a meeting in Geneva Thursday and Friday, the UN Protection Force announced Saturday.  The co-chairmen of the peace conference in the former Yugoslavia, Lord Owen of the European Union and Thorvald Stoltenberg of the United Nations, as well as US special envoy Charles Redman and his Russian counterpart Vitaly Churkin were also invited, a UNPROFOR statement said. 
A crowd of 40,000 radical students from across the country staged an overnight rally here Saturday to inaugurate a nationwide federation of activists.  The students, who took buses and trains to converge on this southwestern city, a hotbed of anti-government feeling, burned US flags and stabbed at effigies of US "imperialists" with sharp-edged bamboo sticks. 
Yemen's ambassador to Djibouti was unable to enter his office here Saturday after he was threatened by three armed men, Abdou Kassim Nagui told AFP.  Nagui who is from south Yemen said the three men were from the Yemeni capital of Saana, in the north. Their group was headed by the embassy's former security official. 
Vietnam's most ambitious power project has been completed with the connection of the trans-Vietnam power line, linking power grids in the south and north for the first time, officials said Saturday.  The final section of the 500-kilowatt line was connected late Friday, they said, adding it would go on line in June after the completion of tests which started in April. 
UN envoy Yasushi Akashi has invited the warring parties in Bosnia- Hercegovina to negotiate a comprehensive cessation of hostilities at a meeting in Geneva next week, the UN Protection Force announced Saturday.  The co-chairmen of the peace conference in the former Yugoslavia, Lord Owen of the European Union and Thorvald Stoltenberg of the United Nations, as well as US special envoy Charles Redman and his Russian counterpart Vitaly Churkin, were also invited, an UNPROFOR statement said. 
Arnaud Boetsch had to retire because of a groin-strain during his third-round centre-court singles clash against Italy's Andrea Gaudenzi at the French Open here on Saturday.  The 17th-ranked Frenchman was trailing 1-6, 1-2 when he called it a day. 
Russian envoy Victor Possovaluk called here Saturday for a total Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights in exchange for full peace with Syria.  Possovaluk, who earlier in the week met Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shara in Damascus, said he felt "Syria is anxious to make real progress in its peace talks with Israel." 
Rwandan rebels were Saturday closing in on Gitarama, the base of Rwanda's self-proclaimed government, as mortar shells landed near a hospital run by the Red Cross in Kigali, a UN spokesman said.  Intermittent artillery duels, between the mainly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) and government forces, raged in central Kigali after a lull earlier in the day, spokesman Abdul Kabia said by telephone from Kigali. 
Andrea Montermini was slightly concussed and broke bones in both feet when he crashed here Saturday in qualifying for the Spanish formula one Grand Prix.  "He will stay in observation in the emergency ward for 24 to 48 hours," a spokesman at the General de San Cugat hospital said. 
English Premiership clubs Everton and Norwich City reached a settlement on Saturday over manager Mike Walker's move to Merseyside.  Everton have dropped their appeal against the 125,000 pound penalty imposed on them by the Football Association for poaching Walker from Carrow Road. 
Iran on Saturday banned all importers from buying hard currency on the open market in a bid to cut demand for the dollar and halt the slide of the rial.  The new measure, which caps a series of efforts to curb imports, requires all foreign purchases to be ordered instead through the country's state banking system, the central bank said. 
Henri Kasperczak has been appointed Tunisia's national football coach with the objective of qualifying the side for the 1998 World Cup finals in France, the former Polish international said here Saturday.  The 48-year-old, who has lived in France since 1978, coached Ivory Coast to  third place in the African Nations Cup in Tunisia in January when the home side crashed out in the first round. 
One of the rival tribal wings of Liberia's ULIMO armed faction said Saturday it had gained "total control" of their movement's disputed headquarters north of the capital Monrovia.  General Roosevelt Johnson, the military commander of the United Liberation Movement (ULIMO) and chief of the Krahn clan, said his troops had captured the headquarters at Tubmanburg, 60 kilometers (40 kilometers) north of here, from the fighters of the Mandingo people after two days of fighting. 
Nick Faldo has escaped a fine for refusing to give a Press conference after the first round of the PGA championship.  The Englishman, unhappy after three-putting four times in his opening 72, stormed off the course on Friday, shrugging aside journalists and PGA officials before yelling to David Leadbeater, his coach, to bring some extra putters. 
Formula one world championship supremo Max Mosley on Saturday denied his authority had been undermined.  As president of the International Automobile Federation, Mosley reacted angrily to suggestions that he had given in to threats at a crisis meeting with rebel team owners on Friday. 
Belgian authorites on Saturday remained tight-lipped over the surprise arrest of one of France's top industrialists, Didier Pineau- Valencienne who heads Schneider SA, refusing to confirm reports that Paris had intervened on his behalf.  Belgian television RTBF reported that French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur contacted his Belgian counterpart, Jean-Luc Dehaene, shortly after Pineau-Valencienne's arrest Friday. 
It was a day of dreams and nightmares for players trying to prolong their stay in the French capital for another week here on Saturday.  Spaniard Alberto Berasategui, who upset Jim Courier in the final at Nice last month, reached the last-sixteen of the men's singles at the French Open by putting out powerful Russian newcomer Yevgeny Kafelnikov in straight-sets. 
President Oscar Luigi Scalfaro denounced fascism at a ceremony Saturday in honor of victims of a presumed far-right bombing here 20 years ago, but was booed by extreme-leftists who later scuffled with police.  The incident came as right-wing Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi dismissed concerns in neighboring European states about the presence of neo-fascist ministers in his cabinet, in an interview Saturday in the Washington Post that was widely cited by the Italian press. 
Cambodian peace talks in North Korea ended Saturday with the government and Khmer Rouge agreeing to further negotiations and King Norodom Sihanouk hinting that a ceasefire was close at hand.  The government and rebels have agreed to form a standing committee to begin meeting June 15 to deal with issues dividing the two sides in Cambodia's civil war, according to a joint declaration released by the Royal Palace here. 
Vietnam said Saturday it was pleased US President Bill Clinton had decided to separate the issues of trade and human rights when agreeing to renew China's most-favoured-nation trading status.  A foreign ministry spokesman said the decision Thursday to renew China's status "was realistic and conforms with current norms in international relations. 
Indian army troops with orders to shoot rioters on sight took up positions Saturday after a burst of ethnic violence left 22 people dead and hundreds injured in the far-eastern state of Assam.  The army joined police and paramilitary reinforcements in the riot-hit district of Kokrajhar, where fighting between Bodo tribals and Assamese natives broke out late Friday, the Press Trust of India (PTI) reported. 
More than a hundred prisoners at Chichiri prison in Blantyre are demanding their unconditional release following an amnesty declared by newly-installed Malawi President Bakili Muluzi, officials said Saturday.  Chief prosecutor Andrew Nyirenda said the amnesty announced May 21 was for political prisoners only but ordinary prisoners were calling for the amnesty to be extended to them. 
North Korea reiterated Saturday it might allow full inspections at a suspect nuclear plant if Washington agreed to a package deal on the nuclear standoff.  A North Korean foreign ministry spokesman told the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) the North was willing to "actively strive to ensure the transparency of our nuclear activities and do the utmost as ever to find a final solution to the nuclear issue through the DPRK (North Korea)-US talks." 
RENAMO leader Afonso Dhlakama leaves Maputo for the United States on Sunday, leaving behind him a failed bid to unite the domestic opposition around his campaign for the presidency.  Dhlakama, the Mozambique National Resistance leader, is attempting to promote himself as the single opposition candidate in next October's elections, when he will be the only serious rival to President Joaquim Chissano. 
Safety seats to protect children in automobiles may be unsafe when used in aircraft, even though the government has approved their use in airliners, according to a US government report.  The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) warned Friday that tests showed forward-facing child protection seats do not offer sufficient protection for small children. 
Some 4,000 people staged a silent march Saturday through Solingen a year after five Turkish women and girls were killed in a racist arson attack, as the press carried new allegations of police links to the incident.  The marchers, both Germans and Turks, carried banners through the western German town stating, "Don't forget, don't forgive," or "Solingen, humanity's shame." 
Laudelino Cubino upstaged compatriot Miguel Indurain by claiming Spain's first stage win in the Tour of Italy here on Saturday.  Russian Evgeni Berzin retained his overall lead after losing ten seconds to the leading group of six riders. 
All but three of the world's top-15 players have agreed to represent their countries at this year's Federation Cup finals in Frankfurt from July 18.  Steffi Graf and Anke Huber will once again spearhead the host's challenge against defending champions Spain, who will have loyal regulars Arantxa Sanchez and Conchita Martinez on duty. 
Gabriela Sabatini, Florencia Labat, Ines Gorrochategui, Patricia Tarabini. Reserves: Maria Jose Gaidano, Bettina Fulco  Captain: Jorge Todero 
UN envoy Yasushi Akashi has invited the three warring parties in Bosnia to fresh talks in Geneva next week in an "important" new diplomatic drive to broker a ceasefire, the UN Protection Force said Saturday.  The talks, also to be attended by international mediators Lord Owen and Thorvald Stoltenberg, will concentrate uniquely on military issues, in the wake of a call by Akashi last week for an "immediate cessation of hostilities." 
Mary Pierce, Nathalie Tauziat, Julie Halard, Sandrine Testud. Reserves: Alexandra Fusai, Karine Quentrec  Captain: Francoise Durr. Coach: Loic Courteau and Francois Jauffret 
Katarzyna Nowak, Magdalena Mroz, Katarzyna Teodorowicz, Monika Starosta. Reserves: Katarzyna Malec, Aleksandara Olsza  Captain Henryk Hoffman. Coach: Barbara Olsza 
Hundreds of women appealed here Saturday for an immediate end to clashes between Kurdish factions that have claimed more than 100 lives, after marching for four days across northern Iraq.  The 300 women arrived in the city of Arbil at the end of a peace march of around 250 kilometres (150 miles) from Sulaymaniyeh, near the Iranian border. 
Authorities imposed a one-month state of alert Saturday over the breakaway Caucasus republic of Chechnya following an overnight failed assassination attempt against President Dzhokar Dudayev.  Dudayev emerged unhurt from a car-bomb attack near the capital Grozny in which his interior minister and deputy as well as their driver were killed, a presidential spokesman said. Sunday was declared a day of mourning. 
Israeli troops shot and wounded an axe-wielding Palestinian on Saturday as he tried to infiltrate a Jewish settlement on the Gaza Strip, an army spokesman said.  He said the soldiers chased three Palestinians armed with axes who were caught trying to enter Neve Dekalim. One of them was shot after he threw stones, another was captured unharmed and the third escaped. 
Several thousand jobless French people took to the streets of Paris on Saturday to join a march against "unemployment and exclusion" from society.  Some 150 "permanent marchers" who have criss-crossed the country in recent weeks to campaign against unemployment told a crowd which organisers put at 40,000 it was time to "finish with resignation and exclusion and (time to) promote a different logic to create jobs." 
A four-month ceasefire in the former Yugoslavia could be agreed by the warring factions within a matter of weeks said top UN negotiator Lord David Owen Saturday.  But he warned that the peace initiative was entering a critical period and progress must be made quickly. 
England crashed to their third defeat of their South African tour after a dramatic finale against champions Transvaal.  They lost 24-21 as three tries, two conversions and three penalties were scored in the final ten minutes -- but England, who were forced to replace injured scrum-half Dewi Morris, never deserved to steal the result. 
A presidential spokesman ruled out power-sharing with UNITA in a government of national unity Saturday but said the rebel movement could still join the cabinet.  Waldemiro Vaz said government ministers from the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola would have to carry out the program of the ruling Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA), which swept legislative elections in September 1992. 
Rwandan rebels were Saturday closing in on Gitarama, the base of Rwanda's self-proclaimed government, amid continued attacks on the violence-wracked capital Kigali, a UN spokesman said.  Spokesman Abdul Kabia said by telephone that the mainly-Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front "are approaching" Gitarama, 40 kilometres (25 miles) southwest of Kigali, to where the interim Hutu administration has fled. 
Michael Chang, the 1989 champion, left it too late and was beaten in a five-set thriller by Jaime Yzaga of Peru in the third-round of the men's singles at the French Open Tennis Championships here on Saturday.  Yzaga, 26 from Lima and currently ranked 27th in the world, scored a 6-2, 6-3, 5-7, 1-6, 7-5 victory in 4 hrs 21 mins over the eighth- seeded American, who fell badly in the eleventh game of the final set. 
While America must ensure another D-Day will never be necessary US military might cannot be used to solve all the world's problems, said President Bill Clinton Saturday.  "In this era we cannot dispatch our troops to solve every problem," said Clinton during his weekly radio address. 
Fifth-seeded Goran Ivanisevic staged a great escape act worthy of Houdini on the Roland Garros centre-court here on Saturday to beat up- and-coming Spaniard Alex Corretja and reach the last-sixteen of the men's singles.  After several outbursts and racket-throwing, the volatile Croatian finally clinched a dramatic 6-7 (3/7), 3-6, 6-1, 6-2, 6-3 victory. 
Michael Chang's French Open jinx struck again on Saturday when the 8th seed was dumped out of the competition by Peru's Jaime Yzaga.  Chang, who because the youngest ever winner here in 1989 but has failed to get past the quarter finals since, rallied brilliantly after being wiped off court in the first two sets of the third round clash. 
The Chechen authorities have arrested a fourth gunmen involved in the hijacking of a bus in southern Russia and returned millions of dollars in ransom money handed over to the kidnappers, an official of the breakaway Caucasus republic said Saturday.  Russian radio had reported Friday that the man had been shot dead after a helicopter chase across the Caucasus following Thursday's hostage-taking incident at Mineralnye Vody. 
The second round of elections to a national constitutional conference went ahead peacefully Saturday, with a higher-than-expected turnout, national radio reported.  A boycott urged by opposition groups appeared to be largely ignored, with voters turning out in force in the country's 30 federal states, according to the radio shortly after polling stations closed Saturday afternoon. 
Thousands of jobless people took to the streets of Paris and Marseille on Saturday to join marches against "unemployment and exclusion" from society.  Some 150 "permanent marchers" who have criss-crossed the country in recent weeks to campaign against unemployment told a Paris crowd which organisers put at 40,000 it was time to "finish with resignation and exclusion and (time to) promote a different logic to create jobs." 
Nine officials of Pakistan's central bank have been suspended for negligence in connection with a multi-million dollar banking scandal, a source said Saturday.  A senior executive of the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP), speaking on condition of anonymity, said the action had been taken following an investigation. 
More than a million Latvians prepared Saturday to vote in local elections ballots from which 700,000 ethnic Russians have been excluded under a strict citizenship law.  Some 1,260,000 Latvians will be called to vote Sunday to elect 4,771 councillors for three-year terms, but Russian-speakers -- most of whom moved to the country under Soviet rule -- will remain disenfranchised unless they are granted naturalisation. 
More than 100 tombs were desecrated in this northern town by two youths overnight "just for fun," police said Saturday.  On arrest the 14- and 15-year-old vandals told police they enjoyed the noise of breaking commemorative plaques, vases and crosses they threw in the air. 
Civil Guards have seized 4,567 kilograms (10,047 pounds) of hashish in a trailer in this southern Spanish town and arrested the driver, authorities announced Saturday.  The vehicle, which was on its way from Tanger in Morocco to Madrid, was loaded with a shipment of 23 tonnes of oranges but civil guards discovered the drugs hidden among the fruit during a search Friday. 
Close of play score on first day of New Zealand tour match against Essex:  New Zealand won toss 
There were few easy ways to reach the fourth-round of the men's singles at the French Open here on Saturday.  Goran Ivanisevic, South Americans Jaime Yzaga and Javier Frana, Sweden's Magnus Larsson and Hendrik Dreekman of Germany all needed to survive gruelling five-set matches to prolong their stay in Paris by another week. 
India's ruling Congress (I) party Saturday won two provincial seats in this week's by-elections, and was ahead in five federal parliamentary constituencies, officials said as initial results emerged.  But the Congress, led by Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao, was trailing behind the divided opposition in three of five other provincial seats where ballot counting was in progress, the Press Trust of India (PTI) reported. 
The United States is determined to use diplomacy to try to end North Korea's defiance of international nuclear inspectors said the top US general Saturday.  "It is clearly our desire to resolve that issue without any kind of confrontation," said General John Shalikashvili, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
Some 300,000 Ethiopians rallied here Saturday to mark the third anniversary of the fall of dictator Mengistu Haile Mariam and the accession of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF).  The rallies, attended by diplomats, interim government members and President Meles Zenawi, were held on the anniversary of the establishment of the interim administration on May 28, 1991, a week after the fall of Mengistu. 
"I've had it for the last week. It probably comes from the soft beds they have in Europe," he said. "I could not go full out for the five sets."  But the Chinese American paid tribute to the mental strength demonstrated by his opponent. 
New Zealand's batsmen helped take Kiwi minds of their bowling problems, as they moved on to an impressive 314-3 against Essex here on Saturday before rain stopped play.  The 90 overs included centuries by opener Bryan Young and captain Ken Rutherford, who had been scathing about his team's innings defeat by Yorkshire in midweek. 
The second Berlin international airshow (ILA) opened Saturday with Germany's leading aviation firm, Deutsche Aerospace (DASA), earning a public rebuke from a government minister over its absence.  Opening the proceedings at the German capital's Schoenefeld airport, Economics Minister Guenter Rexrodt criticised DASA for staying away. 
English Premiership side Tottenham Hotspur offered 2.3 million pounds (3.5 million dollars) for Olympique Marseille's French international defender Basile Boli, according to the French club on Satukrday.  It also revealed that Boli, who is being courted by Italian club Lazio, was also interesting Arsenal. 
Sunday's Indianapolis 500 will be unlike any race here in a generation, with a horde of hungry newcomers replacing legends who have driven here for 30 years.  Retiring Mario Andretti makes his final start here Sunday. Four-time Indy 500 winner Al Unser Snr and three-time winner Johnny Rutherford retired this month, following A.J. Foyt's departure last year. 
The strength of links between France and Germany is the driving force in Europe, whose structure would otherwise collapse, their leaders said in remarks published Saturday ahead of a Franco-German summit.  President Francois Mitterrand and Chancellor Helmut Kohl made the comments in interviews published in regional newspapers ahead of the 63rd Franco-German summit, due Monday and Tuesday. 
A 191-yard hole in one kept South African Ernie Els in the lead after the second round of the PGA championship here on Saturday.  The second ace of his career came at the fifth hole and helped fend off a double Spanish challenge. 
Russia's partnership in an international military alliance would bring greater unity and security to Europe, General John Shalikashvili, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Saturday.  Shalikashvili said Russia's membership in the Partnership for Peace, an alliance of former Warsaw Pact nations coordinated with the North American Treaty Organization (NATO), "will remove one more reason for them (Russia) to feel somehow on the outside, separated." 
Close of play scores on third day of English county championship matches:  Worcester: Northamptonshire 112 and 138-4 (A Fordham 58), Worcestershire 256 (J P Taylor 5-62). 
West Indian maestro Brian Lara bounced back from the disappointment of failing to score a record-equalling six consecutive first class hundreds with an unbeaten half-century at Lord's on Saturday.  Warwickshire's world number one batsman caned the Middlesex attack for 11 fours in his 52-ball second innings knock as his side moved to 90 for two, a lead of 52. 
Scores of qualifiers after the second round of the PGA championship here on Saturday (Great Britain and Ireland unless stated):  132 - Ernie Els (SA) 66 66. 
Florida's governor has rejected a bill that would have guaranteed parents the right to spank their youngsters, saying it might make detecting child abuse tougher.  Lawton Chiles vetoed the legislation Friday, saying that the bill's wording could have made it too difficult to prosecute cases of child abuse. 
Florida's governor has rejected a bill that would have guaranteed parents the right to spank their youngsters, saying it might make detecting child abuse tougher.  Lawton Chiles vetoed the legislation Friday, saying that the bill's wording could have made it too difficult to prosecute cases of child abuse. 
All-rounder Chris Lewis has ruled himself out of the  England team for the first Test against New Zealand, starting on Thursday. 
Fly-half Christophe Deylaud inspired Toulouse to a 22-16 win over Montferrand in the French championship final here on Saturday.  It was the club's 11th championship trophy. 
The United States survived a sending-off to draw with Greece 1-1 here Saturday in their penultimate friendly match before the start of the World Cup on June 17.  Greek-born American Frank Klopas, who once played for AEK Athens, put the Americans ahead in the 44th minute with his fifth goal in seven internationals. 
British Prime Minister John Major on Saturday renewed a controversial attack on beggars, defending his description of them as "offensive" and repeating that they should be dealt with firmly by police.  "I stand by what I said," the premier insisted the day after calling for tough action against beggers in a west country newspaper, a move which provoked howls of outrage from the opposition Labour Party and charity groups. 
The synod of the Serbian Orthodox church is to award its highest honour, the Saint Sava medal, to Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn, who returned to Russia on Friday after 20 years in exile, the Tanjug news agency reported Saturday.  "Alexander Solzhenitsyn is a witness, chosen by God, who has given a voice to millions of innocent victims of Soviet gulags," said the synod in a statement, recalling that some of the Soviet prison camps were built on Yugoslav islands. 
UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said Saturday that President Bill Clinton's new peacekeeping plan was in tune with his own ideas for the United Nations.  Boutros-Ghali, in a speech to graduating students at Georgetown University, described Clinton's May 5 directive as "balanced, responsible and constructive" and "compatible" with the ideas he set down in his 1992 report on UN peace operations, "An Agenda for Peace." 
Loyalist paramilitaries shot and seriously wounded a Catholic man Saturday in Belfast, police sources said.  The outlawed Ulster Freedom Fighters said they had assassinated a man, whose identity they released, but he was later found badly wounded on industrial wasteland. 
Russian police have found a 53-year-old man who has spent the past 30 years squatting in the pitch-black cellar of his mother's house, press reports said Saturday.  The man survived on pieces of food passed to him by his 80-year-old mother through a tiny vent in her house at Saratov, in southeastern Russia. 
A man jailed for belonging to Portugal's extreme-left FP-25 organisation is near death after 32 days on hunger strike, a commission backing an amnesty for members of the group said Saturday.  The prisoner is demanding a move to where three other FP-25 members are being held, as well as better conditions. 
A federal judge has ordered an all-male military college to make contingency plans to admit women in case he rules in favor of admitting female students.  The ruling comes as the latest step in a drawn-out legal battle that could end up being appealed all the way to the US Supreme Court. 
French state-controlled bank Credit Lyonnais has issued a summons to claw back 100 million francs (17.25 million dollars) of money owed to it by a company belonging to parliamentarian Bernard Tapie, a senior bank official said Saturday.  The cash, lent to Bernard Tapie Finance (BTF), reportedly constitutes money left over from the controversial entrepreneur's sale of sportswear firm Adidas.    Dominique Bazy, a member of the bank's executive committee, confirmed a report on the summons in French daily Le Figaro. 
A new salvo in the battle for control of Grand Prix racing exploded at Barcelona on Saturday as Michael Schumacher took pole position for Sunday's Spanish Grand Prix.  Max Mosley, president of the ruling Federation Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), issued a statement denying he had lost control to the teams in an acrimonious meeting on Friday, when leading teams threatened to boycott the race. 
Former French premier Edith Cresson on Saturday defended Didier Pineau-Valencienne, the leading industrialist arrested on charges of fraud Friday, saying he was "extremely respectable."  In an interview with Journal Du Dimanche, Cresson said Pineau- Valencienne, head of Schneider SA, had "a strong sense of duty and national interest," adding she was "sure he will know how to defend himself." 
Scotland lost their second tour match of Argentina 25-11 against a Mendoza provincial side on Saturday.  They drew the first game 24-24 against Buenos Aires. 
Former US Open and PGA Champion Julius Boros, 74, died Saturday after collapsing on a golf course.  Ron Sharpe, director of golf at the Coral Ridge Country Club, said a club member alerted officials there that someone had passed out while driving a golf cart on the course. 
Police arrested an Italian alleged mobster Saturday sought by Interpol on murder and rape charges in 10 cases, officials said.  Police said Guido Giannini was arrested with the assistance of a dozen Interpol agents in La Chorrera, about 21 kilometers (13 miles) west of the capital. 
Nancy Ramsbottom aced the par-three third hole here Sunday en route to a third-round 71, holding on to a two-shot lead in the Corning Classic women's golf tournament.  Ramsbottom who has never won in 10 years on the LPGA Tour, holed a seven-wood at the 186-yard hole, where her ball landed 15 feet short and rolled in. 
Indiana's defense kept New York to a National Basketball Association playoff record low scoring total, allowing Patrick Ewing only one point as they triumphed 88-68 here Saturday.  The Pacers pulled to 2-1 in the best-of-seven NBA semi-final series that continues here Monday. 
Authorities clamped a one-month state of alert Saturday on the breakaway Russian Caucasus republic of Chechnya after bombers failed in an attempt to assassinate President Dzhokar Dudayev.  Dudayev emerged unhurt from a car-bomb attack near the capital Grozny in which his interior minister and deputy as well as their driver were killed, a presidential spokesman said. Sunday was declared a day of mourning. 
Six people were killed Saturday in clashes between the army and leftist rebels, violently capping what has been an otherwise peaceful campaign to succeed President Cesar Gaviria a day before the vote.  The Defense Ministry said the fighting broke out in the departments of Caqueta, Huila and Antioquia. Three rebels, two army troops and one civilian were killed, the ministry reported. 
Attorney Ellis Rubin said Saturday that teenage tennis star Jennifer Capriati might be benefitting from a coverup after her arrest for marijuana possession.  Rubin, known for taking on offbeat cases, is representing Nathan Wilson, 18, who attended a weekend drug party that ended in the arrest of Capriati and two others on May 16. 
One person was killed and four were wounded Saturday in a missile attack on the southern Yemeni capital Aden, even though the missile was shot down, a southern Yemeni military statement said.  Southern anti-aircraft batteries shot the missile apart, but debris fell on the Sheikh Osman district in the north of the city, killing one person, the statement said. 
Patrick Ewing's worst performance since his first high school game helped show the New York Knicks how far they must rise to win the National Basketball Association title.  Ewing managed only one point here Saturday and the Knicks set an NBA playoff record for scoring futility in an 88-68 loss to Indiana in a semi-final game. New York leads the best-of-seven series 2-1 with game four here Monday. 
The scheduled arrival here Sunday of Chile's former military dictator Augusto Pinochet is set to trigger a demonstration by anarchists Tuesday in the historic square of the old city.  General Pinochet, who is still commander-in-chief of Chile's army, is touring Europe at the head of a trade delegation from the army's weapons procurement department. 
The Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO) executive has approved the newly-formed Palestinian Authority's programme for governing the autonomous Gaza Strip and Jericho, a reliable source said Saturday.  The mini-government will be answerable to the PLO as its political and juridical reference, the source said. 
Several dozen Cubans slipped past guards and entered the Belgian ambassador's residence here Saturday to seek asylum, witnesses said.  Witnesses said the group of people, young and old alike, gathered in a square alongside the residence in Havana's posh Miramar district, and then slipped into the compound when guards were not looking. 
Olympic 100m champion Gail Devers launched her 1994 athletics season with a victory Saturday, winning the 100m at the Bruce Jenner Classic in a wind-aided 10.77 seconds.  Devers, The 1992 Olympic 100m champion and the 1993 world champion in the 100m and 100m hurdles, edged fellow American Carlette Guidry (10.97) and Jamaican Juliet Cuthbert (11.04). 
Britain's opposition Labour Party on Saturday demanded an explanation of why Iranian charge d'affaires Gholamreza Ansari was reportedly being expelled from Britain.  The Guardian daily said Ansari had been given the order to leave after a meeting with Foreign Office Minister of State Douglas Hogg. 
The opposition in Niger ended its 81-day boycott of parliament Saturday, returning to the 33 seats it holds in the 83-seat chamber, correspondents said.  The opposition walked out on March 8 in protest at what it called its exclusion from the political process. 
Julius Boros, a two-time US Open champion and PGA champion, died Saturday while visiting one of his favorite golf courses. He was 74.  Boros won the US Open in 1952 and 1963, then added the PGA championship in 1968. His exploits earned him a place among the giants of the game, but he never had the high profile of Ben Hogan, Sam Snead, Arnold Palmer, Gary Player or Jack Nicklaus. 
About 100 Cubans eluded guards Saturday and slipped into the Belgian ambassador's residence to seek asylum, Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina said.  "That is not the route that should be taken by those who would like to leave the country, so it is up to Belgian authorities familiar with our positions on the matter to take the appropriate steps," Robaina said as he prepared to leave for Cairo for a meeting of non-aligned countries. 
Tommie Smith, the sprinter whose raised-fist black-power salute on the Olympic victory podium in 1968 got him thrown off the US team, was honored at the Bruce Jenner Classic athletics meeting Saturday.  Smith, 49, was awarded a trophy commemorating his world record 200-meter victory at the Mexico City Games. Mayor Susan Hammer declared Saturday "Tommie Smith Day" in San Jose. 
About 100 Cubans eluded guards Saturday and slipped into the Belgian ambassador's residence to seek asylum, Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina said.  "That is not the route that should be taken by those who would like to leave the country, so it is up to Belgian authorities familiar with our positions on the matter to take the appropriate steps," Robaina said as he prepared to leave for Cairo for a meeting of non-aligned countries. 
Former US Open champion Scott Simpson fashioned a flawless 64 Saturday to build a record 15-under total of 195 and a four-shot lead after three rounds of the Colonial golf tournament.  Simpson's 54-hole aggregate bettered the old course and tournament mark of 197, set last year by South African Fulton Allem and Australian Greg Norman. 
Foreign ministers of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) -- facing wars in Yemen, Rwanda and Bosnia -- meet here Tuesday with South Africa taking part for the first time.  Eighty-five countries are sending their foreign ministers for the four-day conference, including Alfred Nizo for South Africa following its first all-race elections, Egyptian officials said. 
Hungarian voters on Sunday will determine if erstwhile reform communists in the Socialist Party can maintain a strong first round lead and secure an absolute majority in parliament.  Following an initial poll three weeks ago, 259 of the 386 seats in parliament remain to be filled in Sunday's vote, in which eight million Hungarians are eligible to cast ballots in the country's second democratic election since the fall of communism in 1989. 
Murdered anti-apartheid activist Matthew Goniwe's family was in limbo Sunday after a judge who ruled that the South African security forces had killed him baulked at naming the guilty.  The mutilated and charred bodies of Goniwe, fellow activist Fort Calata and two others were found in their burnt out car on a road overlooking a bay near this south coast city on June 27, 1985. 
Chinese police on Saturday broke up a demonstration of 200 to 300 people in the Tibetan capital Lhassa who were protesting recent tax increases, the London-based Tibetan Information Network reported.  Citing unconfirmed reports, it said "a number of demonstrators were beaten and five people were believed to have been arrested." 
At least 25 passengers were missing feared dead after an overcrowded ferry capsized in southeast Bangladesh, the Ittefaq newspaper reported Sunday.  The M/V Karim Shah, with some 300 passengers, capsized while closing on a terminal in Sitakunda area's Sanwip Saturday, the newspaper said. 
The Khmer Rouge Sunday accused the United States of waging undeclared war on Cambodia for the second time in 25 years, and alleged that Vietnam, France and Australia were backing Washington.  In a broadcast monitored in Bangkok, Khmer Rouge radio said the United States, working in close cooperation with Vietnam, was funding Phnom Pemh's attacks on guerrilla positions. 
A monkey is terrorizing the Bangladeshi town of Savar, where it has bitten 30 inhabitants a news agency said here Sunday.  Local people in the town, which is surrounded by forest, have petitioned officials for help in capturing the monkey, the United News of Bangladesh said, after armed youths, patrolling the town for two days, failed to track it down. 
China's industrial production increased 18.5 percent in the first four months of the year over the same period in 1993, the China Daily Business Weekly said Sunday.  Light industrial production jumped 19.2 percent and heavy industrial production rose 17.6 percent, according to State Bureau statistics cited by the newspaper. 
China plans to open up its oil industry to foreign capital especially through joint ventures, the president of the China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC) announced.  Wang Tao told Sunday's China Daily Business Weekly newspaper that the joint ventures could search and develop oil fields in China and its offshore areas. 
Indian troops with shoot-on-sight orders patrolled tense areas Sunday in the northeastern state of Assam after tribal militants massacred nearly 50 Moslem settlers, according to eyewitness reports.  State government officials in Guwahati, Assam's main city, said the situation in the violence-torn district of Kokrajhar was "tense but under control" with no new bloodshed following Friday night's killings. 
Russia will become an observer member of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), the Japanese economic newspaper Nihon Keizai reported Sunday.  A declaration on Russia's membership will be adopted at a ministerial council meeting of the 25-nation OECD to be held in Paris June 7-8, the newspaper said in an unattributed story. 
Twenty-one people, 18 of them school children, were killed and 65 others injured when a mini-bus overturned at high speed in central Kenya, local newspapers reported Sunday.  The accident happened late Friday near Gatanga town in the central district of Muranga. 
Children are being subjected to ritualistic torture by satanists, sometimes in churches and child care centres, according to an official government report.  The New South Wales Sexual Assault Committee said it had heard evidence of children being beaten, cut, locked in cages or cupboards, given electric shocks, submerged in water or deprived of food and sleep. 
At least 12 foreign delegates to a banned human rights conference on East Timor next week are in Manila despite tight government security, organizers said Sunday.  Joel Saracho, spokesman for the Asia Pacific Conference on East Timor (APCET) to be held from Tuesday to Friday, said the 12 included representatives from the United States, Australia and Canada. He did not say when they entered the country. 
Hungarians began voting Sunday to determine if erstwhile reform communists in the Socialist Party can maintain a strong first round lead and secure an absolute majority in parliament.  Following an initial poll three weeks ago, 259 of the 386 seats in parliament remain to be filled in Sunday's vote, in which eight million Hungarians are eligible to cast ballots in the country's second democratic election since the fall of communism in 1989. 
The death toll from a heat-wave in northern Indian rose to 70 on Sunday as temperatures were expected to rise even higher.  Record temperatures have been beaten in some places, but the monsoons have also arrived on the southern coast three days ahead of time. 
Twenty-three members of a wedding party were killed when an improvised tractor-trailer in which they were travelling broke into the path of an express train in north India, state-run TV said Sunday.  The accident occurred in the district of Gonda in Uttar Pradesh state on Saturday when the vehicle was trying to negotiate a railway crossing. 
Media magnate Rupert Murdoch is embarking on another buying spree of US television stations, setting his sights on 15 more within a year, according to The Weekend Australian which he publishes here.  The News Corp. Ltd chief told the paper he would also like to buy Australia's Seven Network if Canberra deregulated laws preventing cross-media ownership in his native Australia. 
Washington's decision to unhitch trade from its human rights agenda caused a sigh of relief in Vietnam, which is hoping the move will kickstart progress in improving ties and trade with the United States.  A foreign ministry spokesman said Hanoi was happy President Bill Clinton decided to grant China most-favoured-nation (MFN) trading status despite domestic pressures to use trade to force human-rights concessions from Beijing. 
Yemen's northern foreign minister, Mohammad Bassandawa, has arrived in Cairo for talks aimed at ending a four-week civil war in his country, officials here said.  Bassandwa met Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa shortly after arriving on Saturday and is to meet with President Hosni Mubarak on Sunday, Egyptian officials said. 
More than 40 wounded civilians from southern Yemen have been flown to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) for treatment and more will be brought here, hospital sources said on Sunday.  The wounded, some with serious injuries, have been sent to three government hospitals in Abu Dhabi and the oasis city of Al-Ain. 
A group of 147 refugees from Sarajevo, mostly ethnic Serbs, arrived in western Serbia overnight, Tanjug news agency reported Sunday.  A convoy of 238 people had left the Bosnian capital in five busses Saturday but some refugees were accommodated in Serb-controlled territory in Bosnia. 
The Khmer Rouge refused to agree a ceasefire during peace talks in North Korea with the Cambodian government, according to a government statement released here.  The government had agreed to a ceasfire proposal by King Norodom Sihanouk, but Khmer Rouge nominal leader Khieu Samphan rejected the proposal, according to the statement released by the Royal Palace late Saturday. 
Unidentified gunmen have shot and killed an Algerian magistrate and his nephew east of here, the newspaper Liberte reported Sunday.  The paper said men in military gear forced Mousa Erkila's nephew to ring at the door of his uncle's home at Reghaia, 35 kilometers (20 miles) east of here, Friday. 
Malawi's outspoken trade unionist and opposition leader, Chakufwa Chihana, has accused President Bakili Muluzi of failing to unite the country, divided on regional lines since May 17 general elections.  Chihana, leader of the Alliance for Democracy (AFORD), who was in third place in the presidential elections, said Muluzi had done nothing to unite the country, state radio reported Sunday. 
Won Jae-Sook of South Korea clinched her second title in a month when she overcame a four-stroke deficit to win the 480,000-dollar Toto Motors women's golf here Sunday.  The 24-year-old Korean, who grabbed her first victory on the Japan LPGA Tour three weeks ago, carded five birdies against a bogey for a three-round total of five-under-par 211 on the 6,185-yard Toto Hanno Country Club course. 
Canterbury beat Penrith 30-10 to established a club record nine consecutive wins in this weekend's Australian rugby league premiership.  The Bulldogs maintained their four-point buffer over the Canberra Raiders and emphasised their title claims with a four tries to two triumph. 
Sepak takraw, a traditional village pastime that has become one of southeast Asia's most popular sports, may make it to the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, the Bangkok Post reported Sunday.  International Olympic Committee (IOC) chief Juan Antonio Samaranch suggested sepak takraw be included because of its acrobatic action and exciting play, the Post quoted Thai Olympic official Santiparb Tejavanija as saying. 
Sixty people were missing feared dead after an overcrowded ferry capsized in southeast Bangladesh, police said Sunday.  A rescue operation was underway but a police officer said: "It is likely that most have perished and the bodies been swept into the Bay of Bengal," one police officer said. 
A huge majority of Singaporeans favour caning for vandalism, with almost absolute support for the punishment in the case of violent crimes, according to a new opinion poll published Sunday.  The Sunday Times said it appeared overall support for caning had hardened following the controversy surrounding the caning of 18-year- old American Michael Fay in early May. 
France and Germany's leaders meet at Mulhouse, eastern France, Monday and Tuesday for the 63rd Franco-German summit with thoughts more than ever dominated by electoral prospects at home.  German Chancellor Helmut Kohl is facing a tough re-election battle in October, while French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur is widely expected to run for the French presidency which comes up in early 1995. 
Egypt is taking extra steps to purify drinking water after thousands of corpses, victims of the Rwandan civil war, were found floating in Lake Victoria, authorities said in reports on Sunday.  Twice as much chlorine will be used to make drinking water, even though the risk of pollution was "extremely small" because the Nile River takes "45 days to reach Upper Egypt from Rwanda," Health Minister Ali Abdel Fattah said. 
Japanese designer Kenzo is to celebrate the first day of summer on June 21 in his own special way  - by decking out Paris' Pont Neuf across the Seine in flowers.  He will cover the bridge from the Quai du Louvre across to the Quai Conti with 32,000 pots of different coloured begonias as well as various kinds of ivy in a task expected to take three days to complete. 
Ireland resuscitated their ailing tour of Australia with a gallant performance against Super Ten rugby union champions Queensland here Sunday.  Ireland went down in the final seconds 29-26 to renew hopes of a competitive showing against the world champion Wallabies here on June 5. 
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's Chistian Democratic Union and its Bavarian sister party the Christian Social Union regained the lead in opinion polls Sunday after trailing the opposition Social Democrats (SPD) for several months.  Media reports quoted the Forsa, Wickert, Emnid and Basis Research polling institutes as giving the CDU/CSU a lead of between one and three percent ahead of Rudolf Scharping's SPD, although Scharping remained the more popular candidate for chancellor. 
South African Foreign Minister Alfred Nzo arrived Sunday in Cairo to become his country's first representative to take part in a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM).  Nzo told the press on his arrival that his country "hopes to develop its relations with Egypt and the Arab world" when the meeting opens on Tuesday. 
A medical specialist said she destroyed sensitive records showing brain damage in the case of failed business tycoon Alan Bond because she had been threatened, the Sunday Times newspaper reported here.  "My office was broken into at the hospital, and I received threatening phone calls at my home,"  neuro-radiologist Lesley Cala was quoted as saying after a court appearance dealing with Bond's questionable purchase of a rare French painting. 
Britain's refusal to comment on reports that an Iranian diplomat is being expelled from the country is a fresh provocation against Iran, the official agency IRNA said Sunday.  "In the current circumstances all hostile action by London could provoke a strong reaction in Iran," the agency said, quoting observers of Iran-Britain relations. 
Some 400,000 Rwandans are fleeing south from the Rwandan capital Kigali, following the advance of the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said here Sunday.  "They have nothing to eat and nothing to drink. It is a very grave situation," said ICRC spokesman Tony Burgener. 
Shougang Concord Grand (Group) Ltd., the Hong Kong-based property group controlled by one of China's biggest state companies, on Sunday announced a 184 percent leap in net profits.  In a statement, it said it made 144.033 million Hong Kong dollars (18.63 million US) after taxes in the year ended December 31, compared with 50.787 million dollars the preceeding year. 
Three people were wounded Sunday when two parcel bombs went off in and near this Basque city, police announced.  The first blast occurred shortly before 10:00 a.m. (0800 GMT) near a beach at Muzquiz where a woman and her daughter were hurt. 
Six children were injured when a shell hit and badly damaged an orphanage during overnight fighting between Rwandan rebels and government forces in Kigali, a UN spokesman said Sunday.  The orphanage, run by a Frenchman who refused to leave when foreigners evacuated last month, was demolished in the attack, forcing the transfer of 120 orphans to another building, spokesman Abdul Kabia said, contacted by telephone from Nairobi. 
Some 400,000 Rwandans are fleeing south from the Rwandan capital Kigali, following the advance of the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said here Sunday.  "They have nothing to eat and nothing to drink. It is a very grave situation," said ICRC spokesman Tony Burgener. 
Eric Cantona added another medal to his groaning trophy cabinet when he captained France to a 4-1 defeat of Japan to clinch the three-team Kirin Cup here on Sunday.  "I'm a very happy skipper," the Manchester United player, who helped his side to an English league and Cup double this season, said. 
The mainly Moslem Bosnian government army is steeling itself for a new round of offensives to ensure the future Moslem-Croat federation "will have dimensions achieved on the battlefield," army leader General Rasim Delic said Sunday.  On a tour of army units, Delic urged Bosnian politicians to take more account of the needs of their troops as "that is what the percentage of land which our state will occupy depends on, rather than on (international mediators) David Owen and Thorvald Stoltenberg". 
Battling Arantxa Sanchez took another step towards recapturing the French Open title she won as a 17-year-old in 1989, when she outplayed Germany's Anke Huber 6-3, 6-2 on the Roland Garros centre-court here on Sunday.  With nine of the 16 seeds already blown away and the women's draw filled with unfamiliar new names, Sanchez was clearly determined that she was not going to be the latest big name to join the also-rans. 
Hundreds of thousands of Rwandan Hutus streamed south towards Burundi Sunday as troops of the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) began to close in on the refugee-filled roads.  In Geneva, the International Committee of the Red Cross said some 400,000 Rwandans were fleeing the fighting in the capital Kigali. "They have nothing to eat and nothing to drink. It is a very grave situation," said ICRC spokesman Tony Burgener. 
Almost one quarter of Hungary's eight-million-strong electorate had voted by mid-morning Sunday in the country's second democratic election since the fall of communism in 1989, but polling was sluggish compared to the first round three weeks ago.  About one third of voters had cast their ballots at the same stage of the first round, where 50 percent of the electorate had to vote for the result to be valid. 
Northern forces have launched a fierce artillery assault on Aden airport to try to ground southern warplanes attacking advancing troops, a military spokesman said here on Sunday.  But the spokesman denied southern claims the north had unleashed a missile attack on the southern stronghold of Aden which killed one civilian on Saturday. 
Battling Arantxa Sanchez got up from a spectacular fall at the Roland Garros Stadium here on Sunday and moved closer to recapturing the French Open title she first won as a 17-year-old in 1989.  "I was really worried when I rolled over and my arm was pinned behind me," said the 22-year-old Spaniard, adding: "But when I was able to pick up my racket I knew everything would be all right." 
Armed riot police stopped some 30,000 protesters from storming a US cultural center and an office of South Korea's ruling party Sunday in the biggest anti-US demonstration here this year by radical students.  "Oust the Yankees," yelled the demonstrators, demanding that Washington stop pressuring North Korea to give up its nuclear program. 
Three people were seriously hurt Sunday when two parcel bombs went off in and near this Basque city, police announced.  The first blast occurred shortly before 10:00 a.m. (0800 GMT) at Muzquiz where a 50-year-old woman lost a hand when a parcel she had picked up on the beach exploded. Her 25-year-old daughter suffered burns to her face and chest. 
Zimbabwe's former chief justice and leader of the main opposition Forum Party of Zimbabwe (FPZ), Enoch Dumbutshena, has been expelled from his party, newspaper reports said Sunday.  About 300 delegates from the party's five provincial offices passed a vote of no-confidence in the 75-year-old founding leader at a meeting Saturday night. 
An envoy from breakaway south Yemen said on Sunday he expected the United Nations Security Council to call for a ceasefire in the next few days.  "I expect the Security Council to discuss the Yemeni problem in the next few days and to issue a resolution calling for a ceasefire," the envoy, Haidar Abu Bakr al-Attas, told AFP before flying to Kuwait. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat was urged Sunday to publicly denounce reports that his wife was filing for divorce and that her uncle was being questioned in Tunis in a corruption inquiry.  Georges Hawa, the uncle of Arafat's wife Suha Tawil, denied he was being held in Tunis and said his niece was not filing for divorce in an interview published by Al-Hayat newspaper. 
Latvian Foreign Minister Georgs Andrejevs has admitted in an open letter to a newspaper that he collaborated with the KGB, but lambasted an "absurd" campaign of accusations against him and other Baltic politicians, reports said Sunday.  Andrejevs, foreign minister since November 1992, is one of five Latvian MPs whose mandate was suspended a month ago after an investigative commission announced it had found their names in a KGB file. 
A 15-year-old Sudanese girl strangled five small children in response to what she said a call by Jesus Christ to alleviate their suffering, police said Sunday.  The girl, identified as H.Z., strangled the children in four incidents, the official Sudan news agency SUNA reported, quoting Khartoum state's acting police commissioner, General Izza al-Deen Qandour. 
The 10th anniversary of the completion of the Romanian canal linking the Danube to the Black Sea saw contractors crack open the champagne this weekend, but it brought back the tears of political prisoners who worked on its prototype.  The canal was dressed up as one of the late Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceaucescu's greatest accomplishments, from the start of work in 1976 to its completion in May 1984. 
Southern Yemen's air power, courtesy of the former Soviet Union, has thwarted Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh's battle plan of a quick capture of the southern bastion of Aden.  More than 100 MiG-21, Mig-23, and Sukhoi warplanes have flown sorties each day, mainly from Aden airport, to keep the president's northern troops at bay. 
Nineteen heads of state and government will attend the 50th anniversary celebrations of the D-Day landings on the beaches of Normandy on June 6, an invasion that signalled the beginning of the end for Nazi Germany.  Between 25,000 and 35,000 veterans from the United States, Britain, Canada and free forces from German-occupied Europe will also attend ceremonies to commemorate the biggest sea-borne invasion the world has known. Parallel ceremonies start in England next Saturday. 
The PLO will stick to the interim accord launching autonomy but still seek a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital, the new self- rule authority said in remarks obtained here Sunday.  The authority said it is "completely bound by commitments undertaken by the PLO" including the accord signed with Israel on May 4 in Cairo, as well as the Declaration of Principles signed in Washington in September. 
Belgian Foreign Minister Willy Claes on Sunday promised to try to persuade the Cuban authorities not to punish the 114 people who broke into the Belgian ambassador's residence on Saturday seeking asylum.  Signalling that the asylum-seekers, including 24 children, would not be allowed to stay in the residency, he told RTBF radio: "We will attempt to ensure, at least that these people are not pursued, that they are not punished if they have to leave the embassy." 
President Bill Clinton returns to Europe this week for 50th anniversary D-Day celebrations with the same goal as his first official visit in January: to reassure Europeans skeptical of US commitment.  Clinton's seven-day itinerary, which has him leaving Rome Thursday for Normandy and Paris before winding up in Oxford, will be the second of three trips to Europe scheduled within six months. 
Belgian Foreign Minister Willy Claes on Sunday promised to try to persuade the Cuban authorities not to punish the 114 people who broke into the Belgian ambassador's residence on Saturday seeking asylum.  Signalling that the asylum-seekers, including 24 children, would not be allowed to stay in the residency, he told RTBF radio: "We will attempt to ensure, at least that these people are not pursued, that they are not punished if they have to leave the embassy." 
A gang of 20 gunmen mowed down five people in a sugarcane plantation in Natal Saturday, killing four of them and wounding the fifth, SABC radio reported Sunday.  The state-owned radio gave no details of the attack, which it said took place at Ndedwe, north of Durban. 
Britain's Prince Charles visits (until 5)  CORFU, Greece: EU conference on regional policies (and 4). 
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has rejected a proposal to keep nuclear material from a reactor in North Korea "in a safe place, under seal" an IAEA source confirmed Sunday.  Dimitri Perricos, head of the IAEA's team of experts in North Korea, who left Pyongyang Saturday, said in Beijing, "the North Koreans proposed a procedure which was not workable on a technical front." 
Mary Pierce stormed to another incredible victory at the French Open here on Sunday and publicly admitted for the first time that she had "no regrets" over the major decisions she has had to make concerning her family.  The seemingly unstoppable 19-year-old dropped only two games to 18th- ranked South African Amanda Coetzer to move just one match away from a probable semi-final against defending champion Steffi Graf, and said: "I have never been happier." 
UN disarmament chief Rolf Ekeus said Sunday he had made headway in talks here with Iraqi officials on applying UN resolutions to destroy Iraq's weapons of mass destruction.  "We have made certain progess. But we have to preserve it to maintain the momentum," Ekeus told AFP after meeting Iraqi Foreign Minister Mohammad Said Sahhaf late Saturday, who was on a stopover en route for Cairo. 
The United Nations suspended Sunday its evacuation of civilians from Kigali as fighting continued to rage in the capital where six children were wounded overnight when a mortar hit their orphanage, a UN spokesman said.  In Geneva, the International Committee of the Red Cross said some 400,000 Rwandans were fleeing the fighting in the capital: "They have nothing to eat and nothing to drink. It is a very grave situation," said ICRC spokesman Tony Burgener. 
Yemen's northern foreign minister, Mohammad Bassandawa, gave the go- ahead here Sunday for the UN Security Council to discuss calls for a ceasefire to his country's civil war.  His Egyptian counterpart Amr Mussa announced Sanaa's new position after a meeting between Bassandawa and Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak. 
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni and Sudanese President Omar Hassan el-Beshir met in private at the residence of Austrian President Thomas Klestil, a presidential spokesman said here Sunday.  During their head-to-head Saturday the two east African leaders discussed the civil war in Sudan and bilateral relations, the Austrian spokesman said. 
Controversial French entrepreneur and politician Bernard Tapie will fight a demand to pay off a debt of 1.2 billion francs (220 million dollars) to state-owned Credit Lyonnais, his lawyer says.  The lawyer, Francis Bousquet, said he had served papers for a hearing with a Paris court Monday in an attempt to block the bank's move. 
Britain's Damon Hill drove his Williams Renault to victory in the Spanish Grand Prix on Sunday to deny Michael Schumacher a fifth straight win on the formula one circuit.  Schumacher, who lost the lead during a pit stop 20 laps from the end, came home in second to stay comfortably at the top of the world championship standings. The Benetton-Ford driver had won the first four races of the season. 
World Cup qualifiers Switzerland beat Lichtenstein 2-0 in a friendly international here Sunday.  Result 
The secretary general of the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) said in an interview appearing here Monday, that the genocide of the Rwandan Tutsi's is "almost complete."  "If you except the people who managed to escape to neighbouring countries," the massacres are "almost complete," Theogene Rudasingwa told the German magazine Der Spiegel. 
Three people were seriously hurt Sunday when two parcel bombs went off in and near this Basque city, police announced.  The autonomous Basque police force later closed all the beaches on the Basque coast, evicting thousands of sunbathers, while they searched for other devices there and nearby. 
French and Finnish telecoms have won deals worth 300 million dollars to supply Lebanon with 500,000 cellular telephone lines, in the latest move to help rebuild the country's war-shattered communications network.  The cabinet authorised Posts and Telecommunications Minister Mohammad Ghaziri to sign a 12-year build, operate and transfer (BOT) accord with France Telecom and Finland Telecom, officials said Saturday. 
A top anti-contraband police officer in China's southern Zhuhai city was executed Sunday after he was convicted of helping to smuggle cigarettes.  Yang Mingji was taken to a remote mountain area to be shot immediately after the sentence was handed down by the Zhuhai Intermediate People's Court, Portugal's Lusa News Agency reported from Macau. 
Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin wrapped up Sunday a four- day visit to China during which the two governments reiterated their hopes of strengthening trade ties, Xinhua news agency reported.  Chernomyrdin left from the northeastern city of Dalian after visiting Shanghai on Saturday, 
Fourth-seeded Andrei Medvedev reached the quarter-finals of the men's singles at the French Open here Sunday when he beat dangerous Dutch outsider Jacco Eltingh 6-4, 3-6, 6-4, 6-1.  Medvedev, a semi-finalist last year, now plays either defending champion Sergi Bruguera of Spain or Australian Patrick Rafter. 
Fourth-seeded Andrei Medvedev of the Ukraine became the first player to reach the quarter-finals of the men's singles at the French Open here on Sunday when he beat dangerous Dutch outsider Jacco Eltingh 6-4, 3-6, 6-4, 6-1.  Medvedev, a semi-finalist last year, now plays either defending champion Sergi Bruguera of Spain or Australian Patrick Rafter. 
Gulf Air made high profits in the first quarter of 1994 and expects a record performance this year as it presses ahead with multi-billion- dollar expansion projects, its chief said on Sunday.  Salim ibn Naser al-Siyyabi said nine new aircraft would join the company's fleet this year, for which a budget of 1.2 billion dollars has been approved, while flights would be operated to new destinations, notably Asia. 
Red Rodney, the jazz trumpeter who replaced Miles Davis in Charlie Parker's group, has died here of lung cancer. He was 66.  Rodney, who died Friday at his home here, played with many of the greatest big-band leaders of his day -- Jimmy Dorsey, Gene Krupa, Woody Herman and Benny Goodman. 
Gunmen in a taxi shot dead an Iranian dissident in an attack north of the Iraqi capital on Sunday, Iran's main armed opposition group said, blaming Tehran for the killing.  The People's Mujahedeen, in a communique sent from Baghdad, said Seyed Ahmad Sadr Lahijani, a 35-year-old member of the group, was shot in the head as he drove his car through Ghalebieh, 50 kilometres (30 miles) from the capital. 
Britain's Damon Hill dedicated his victory in Sunday's Spanish grand prix to the memory of Ayrton Senna, his Williams Renault teammate who was killed in a crash at Imola a month ago.  "This is a victory for everyone at Williams who have had such a terrible time and for all the fans of Ayrton who I met in Brazil and who said to me they wanted to see Williams do well," Hill said after the fourth race win of his young career. 
Voters went to the polls Sunday to choose a successor to President Cesar Gaviria, whose four-year term was marked by violent struggles with drug lords and leftist guerrillas.  The country was calm as polls opened at 8 a.m. (13H00 GMT) but security was tight. Leftist rebels have vowed to sabotage the elections and six people were killed Saturday in three separate attacks. 
Iran has decided to buy four ships from Croatia for 120 million dollars to boost its merchant navy, the Iranian ambassador to Zagreb said Sunday.  Mohammad Javad Asayech, quoted in Tehran newspapers, said the cost would be paid in oil. 
A UN spokesman said Sunday he had received unconfirmed reports that Rwanda's interim government had fled the town of Gitarama, southwest of Kigali.  UN officials were trying to verify the reports, spokesman Abdul Kabia said. 
An earthquake rocked this southeastern Bangladesh port city Sunday, driving thousands of panic stricken residents into the streets, although there were no immediate reports of casualties, residents said.  The temblor struck at around 8:16 p.m. (1416 GMT) and lasted for about two minutes, they said. 
Indian Premier P.V. Narasimha Rao's Congress (I) party won five out of seven parliamentary constituencies that went to the polls Thursday in by-elections seen as a popularity test, officials said on Sunday.  But the Congress shared the honours with a fractured opposition in the 10 state assembly seats that also went to the hustings, winning only half of them, news agencies reported. 
The girl they were calling the 'new Steffi Graf' at the French Open earlier this week crashed to a humiliating straight-sets defeat when she came up against the real thing here on Sunday.  The defending champion and world number-one gave 20-year-old Irina Spirlea a 40-minute no-nonsense tennis lesson on the new 'A' showcourt at the Roland Garros Stadium. 
The grandsons of late French and German leaders Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer split Sunday during a television broadcast over the future of the European Union, whose precursor their forebears had helped consolidate.  During a live question-and-answer session on German television the two men were asked: "What would your grandfather think today of European construction?" 
The "shadow of Auschwitz" looms over post-war German generations, a senior political leader warned Sunday at a ceremony marking the first anniversary of an arson attack which killed five Turkish immigrants.  North Rhine-Westphalia premier Johannes Rau warned against "the trail of hatred and violence which is passing through Germany," during an official service in the western town of Solingen to commemorate the racist attack. 
Former East German leader Erich Honecker has died in Chile at the age of 81, the German television station ZDF said Sunday. 
Miguel Indurain slumped to fourth place in his favourite time-trial discipline here on Sunday as Tour of Italy leader Evgeni Berzin won the 44km run to underline his dominance. 
Erich Honecker, the exiled former East German leader, died Sunday of liver cancer, family members said. He was 81 years old.  Honecker, who came to Chile in January 1993, died at his home in Santiago. 
England's cricket selectors have recruited Australian youth international Craig White for the first Test against New Zealand, starting at Trent Bridge on Thursday.  The 24-year-old all-rounder, born in Yorkshire but brought up in Australia, was one of three newcomers in a 13-man squad announced here Sunday. 
Jim Courier, three matches away from his third title in four years at the French Open, needed to work his way through a dramatic fourth set tie-break to slap back a plucky challenge from Frenchman Olivier Delaitre in front of an appreciative centre-court crowd at the Roland Garros Stadium on Sunday.  The seventh-seeded American, who now plays either Pete Sampras or Swedish quaifier Mikael Tillstroem for a place in the semi-finals, scored a 6-1, 6-7 (7/9), 6-1, 7-6 (8/6) win over an opponent ranked 76th in the world. 
Erich Honecker, who ruled communist East Germany for 18 years and built the Berlin Wall, died Sunday of liver cancer, family members said. He was 81 years old.  Honecker, who arrived in Chile in January 1993, died at his home in exile in Santiago. 
World number one cyclist Miguel Indurain slumped to a shock defeat in the Tour of Italy here on Sunday as he was crushed in his favourite time-trial discipline.  Indurain, regarded as almost unbeatable in solo rides, could only finish fourth, over two-and-a-half minutes behind as overall leader Evgeni Berzin of Russia underlined his dominance during the 44km eight stage. 
Erich Honecker went to his grave in Stalinist style, never once regretting the acts that made him a figure of infamy, and holding fast to the notion that history would ultimately vindicate him.  The former East German communist party chief and head of state, who died of liver cancer Sunday in Santiago, Chile at the age of 81, was the architect of the Berlin Wall, probably the most notorious edifice ever made. 
Anderlecht's Belgian international Luc Nilis signed a three-year deal with Dutch side PSV Eindhoven here on Sunday.  Nilis, 27, has been with the Belgian champions for eight years. 
Nottingham Forest sacked former Scottish international Archie Gemmill from its coaching staff here on Sunday.  Gemmill still had a year of his eight-year contract to run. 
Ex-dissident Alexander Solzhenitsyn has a simple explanation for choosing to return to Moscow overland rather than by air: he wants to meet the Russian people he has not seen for 20 years.  "I am hoping to meet and listen to people, to confirm or revise my opinions," he said, speaking while preparing for the transsiberian trip across seven time zones by luxury train from this far-eastern port. 
The Yemeni parliament on Sunday rejected outside interference in the country's civil war, the official news agency Saba reported.  Interference by any state, regional or international organisation would be in violation of the constitution, MPs said in a statement, without direct reference to UN Security Council efforts to install a ceasefire. 
Egypt said Sunday that Yemen agreed to a UN Security Council debate on its civil war, but the northern authorities in Sanaa said they still opposed outside interference in the country's affairs.  Foreign Minister Amr Mussa said the approval of UN efforts to install a ceasefire came from his Yemeni counterpart Mohammad Bassandawa after talks here with President Hosni Mubarak. 
A Nepalese peacekeeper abducted two weeks ago in an ambush that left five colleagues dead was freed Sunday, the United Nations said.  The peacekeeper was wounded during the clash but appears to be in satisfactory health, said a spokesman for the UN mission here, George Bennet. 
After White's family emigrated from Leeds to Melbourne when he was seven, he soon became an avid fan of Aussie Rules football and ultimately represented Australia at youth level cricket.  "When I returned from Australia to play for Yorkshire in 1990 I regarded myself as Australian,"he said today. 
A spectacular occupation of the Belgium embassy by more than 100 Cubans seeking asylum faced the government of President Fidel Castro Sunday with the specter of a new wave of embassy takeovers.  Cuban police were surrounding the Belgiam ambassador's residence Sunday in Miramar section of west Havana, where as many as 124 people, among them 24 children, broke in Saturday in a desperate bid to leave the country. 
Officials from Rwanda's self-styled government fled their base in the town of Gitarama on Sunday as rebel fighters advanced towards the area, a UN spokesman said.  "Our information is that a substantial number of government officials have left Gitarama for Kibuye (west) and Butare (south), but some are still there," spokesman Abdul Kabia said, contacted by telephone from Nairobi. 
World number one cyclist Miguel Indurain slumped to a shock defeat in the Tour of Italy here on Sunday as he was crushed in his favourite time-trial discipline.  Indurain, regarded as almost unbeatable in solo rides, could only finish fourth, two minutes and 34sec behind as overall leader Evgeni Berzin of Russia underlined his dominance during the 44km eight stage. 
Hanan Ashrawi, former Palestinian spokeswoman to Middle East peace talks, said Sunday she was sticking to her decision to refuse a post in the Palestinian Authority for self-rule.  "I said I wasn't going to take part and I have not changed my mind," she told AFP on her return to Ramallah in the Israeli-occupied West Bank. 
Former communists were set to win an absolute majority in the Hungarian parliament Sunday after four years of conservative rule, a polling organization said as run-off elections drew to a close.  But political analysts said Hungary's future government would likely be a coalition between the former communists, who now call themselves the Socialist Party, and the liberal Alliance of Free Democrats, in order to achieve the two-thirds majority required to pass major legislation. 
Fighting raged in Kigali on Sunday on the eve of ceasefire talks between rebel and government forces, and the United Nations said part of the interim government had fled its base southwest of the capital.  The combat, sporadic but at times heavy, forced the United Nations to suspend its evacuation of civilians from Kigali, a UN spokesman said. 
The self-declared Bosnian Croat parliament has given qualified backing to an accord providing for a Moslem-Croat federation in Bosnia, the Croatian news agency Hina said Sunday.  At a meeting Saturday in the southern Bosnian city of Mostar, the parliament endorsed the federation plan as an "historic necessity" dictated by "internal and foreign policy realities." 
Former communists are assured of an absolute majority in the Hungarian parliament after four years of conservative rule, according to exit polls during voting Sunday.  The Szonda-Ipsos institute predicted that the Socialist Party led by former foreign minister Gyula Horn would win 208 of the 386 seats, and another pollster, the Median Institute, gave it 196 seats. 
Colombians went to the polls amid tight security Sunday to choose a sucessor to President Cesar Gaviria, who weathered wars with drug lords and leftist guerrillas during his four year term.  Voting was peaceful Sunday, but police and troops were guarding against rebel violence after six people were killed Saturday in fighting between government and guerrilla forces. 
Colombians went to the polls amid tight security Sunday to choose a sucessor to President Cesar Gaviria, who weathered wars with drug lords and leftist guerrillas during his four-year term.  Voting was peaceful but police and troops were guarding against rebel violence after six people were killed Saturday in fighting between government and guerrilla forces. 
Defending champion Sergi Bruguera kept his hopes of retaining the French Open title alive here on Sunday when he outplayed Australian Patrick Rafter 6-4, 6-3, 6-1 to reach the men's singles quarter- finals.  The 26th-ranked Rafter, still learning his trade on his least- favourite surface, was slowly worn down by the Spanish baseliner who will now face fourth-seeded Andrei Medvedev of the Ukraine. 
An influential US senator Sunday opposed any US invasion of Haiti simply to restore ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide and suggested a broader coalition was needed to stabilise the country.  Sam Nunn, chairman of the Senate armed services committee, said in a televised interview he would not rule out military action against the junta that overthrew Aristide in September 1991. 
Burnley beat nine-man Stockport County 2-1 in a dramatic match at Wembley on Sunday to clinch promotion to the English first division.  Six players were also booked in a stormy encounter that saw County play out the last half-hour two men short. 
An eight-day international football festival ended disappointingly here Sunday with English premier division sides Liverpool and Aston Villa held to gaolless draws.  In the first match before a crowd of 40.000 at freezing Ellis Park rugby stadium, severely depleted Villa battled against Moroka Swallows, a struggling local side. 
Colombia and Peru have been retaliating against the United States for abruptly cutting them off from intelligence on drug trafficking, The Washington Post reported Sunday.  The dispute arose over Colombia and Peru's use of US flight tracking data to locate aircraft suspected of carrying drugs and forcing or shooting them down, the Post said. 
A mild earthquake rocked this port city and the capital Dhaka on Sunday, sending thousands of panic-stricken people into the streets, but there were no reports of casualties.  The temblor struck at around 8:16 p.m. (1416 GMT) and lasted for about two minutes, the residents said. 
Pakistan's main opposition parties ended a boycott of the National Assembly on Sunday, and came back with a a blistering attack on Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.  "The country is on the verge of economic collpase," thundered opposition leader Nawaz Sharif, a former prime minister, in a speech on the opening day of the parliamentary budget session. 
Erich Honecker, who ruled communist East Germany for 18 years and built the Berlin Wall, died Sunday of liver cancer, a spokesperson for the family said. He was 81 years old.  The former East German communist party chief and head of state, who arrived in Chile in January 1993, died at his home in exile in Santiago. 
Former communists are assured of an absolute majority in the Hungarian parliament after four years of conservative rule, according to exit polls from run-off elections Sunday.  The Szonda-Ipsos institute predicted that the Socialist Party led by former foreign minister Gyula Horn would win 208 of the 386 seats. Another pollster, the Median Institute, gave it 196 seats in Hungary's second democratic election since the fall of communism in 1989. 
The Moslem fundamentalist group HAMAS said Sunday it would temporarily stop killing people suspected of collaborating with Israel, but the Palestinian police said the pledge did not go far enough.  HAMAS said it had decided "to halt, for the time being, the pursuit of agents and their execution, in order to allow the Palestinian police to carry out their duties in this area." 
World number-one Pete Sampras reached a quarter-final showdown with old rival Jim Courier at the French Open here on Sunday when he defeated astonishing Swedish qualifier Mikael Tillstrom 6-4, 6-4, 1-6, 6-4.  Tillstrom, the world's 226th-ranked player, was cheered off the new Roland Garros 'A' court after pushing the top-seed close to the limit. 
Russian envoy Victor Possovaluk visited Jericho on Sunday and praised both Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and PLO chief Yasser Arafat for the launch of Palestinian self-rule.  Possovaluk, on a Middle East tour as a special envoy of President Boris Yeltsin, said: "We appreciate the policies of Mr. Rabin's government which has allowed the Palestinians to take control of Gaza and Jericho. 
Former Formula One champion Nigel Mansell's Indianapolis 500 ended after 92 laps with his car beneath that of rival Dennis Vitolo.  Mansell departed the track hospital with little apparent injury, though doctors said he appeared to suffer a mild concussion. 
Greek singer Nana Mouskouri has adopted a novel approach to campaigning for next month's European Parliament elections, admitting she knows nothing about politics.  While most candidates are out canvassing public support for the June 12 poll, Mouskouri, 58 and a resident of France, admits she is afraid of politics. And she appears more concerned with winning new fans than votes, having embarked on a concert tour in Latin America. 
Yemen's Foreign Minister Mohammad Bassandawa Sunday rejected UN efforts to secure a ceasefire in his country's civil war, denying an Egyptian report that Sanaa had changed its mind.  Yemen "rejects any UN Security Council interference in its internal affairs," the foreign minister, a northerner, told reporters here after a meeting with Arab League chief Esmat Abdel Meguid. 
French industrialist Didier Pineau-Valencienne was interrogated at length by police here Sunday two days after being taken into custody on fraud charges, officials said.  Meanwhile in Paris 36 leading business figures, including former French premier Edith Cresson, signed a public statement in defence of Pineau-Valenciennes, head of industrial giant Schneider SA. 
The so-called "Sarajevo List" will garner just four percent in next month's elections to the European parliament, barely a third of the figure cited in earlier soundings, an opinion poll indicated Sunday.  Launched on May 15 by philosopher and writer Bernard-Henri Levy, the "Europe Starts at Sarajevo" group vowed to fight the June 12 poll calling for the Moslem-dominated Bosnian government to be exempted from a UN arms embargo against ex-Yugoslavia. 
Scores at the close of play on the second day of the three-day tour match between New Zealand and Essex here on Sunday:  New Zealand 428-5 dec (K R Rutherford 129, B A Young 122,S A Thomson 52 no) v Essex 175-4 (N Hussain 53 no) 
Erich Honecker, who ruled communist East Germany for 18 years and built the Berlin Wall, died Sunday of liver cancer, a spokesperson for the family said. He was 81 years old.  The former East German communist party chief and head of state, who arrived in Chile in January 1993, died at his home in exile in Santiago. 
Defending women's champion Steffi Graf and 19-year-old French rival Mary Pierce took the TGV to travel into the second week of the French Open here on Sunday.  But world number-one Pete Sampras found himself uncomfortably blocked in the slow lane as he fought to keep his 'Grand Slam' dream on the rails. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin announced Sunday that Israel was about to stop paying salaries to 25,000 Palestinian employees and urged the PLO to confront its new financial responsibilities.  "The real problem is that the Palestinian police have not been paid," since the launch of self-rule in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho, Rabin warned in an interview with BBC World Service radio. 
A return to Formula One could be more attractive for England's Nigel Mansell, who ended Sunday's Indianapolis 500 burnt, bruised and angry after a bizarre crash during a caution period.  "I've never seen anything that's such a joke," the reigning Indy-car champion said of the incident which ended his day after 92 laps in the 200-lap race. 
Chelsea beat London rivals Arsenal to sing Charlton defender Scott Minto here on Sunday.  Glenn Hoddle got his man for 775,000 pounds on a three-year deal. 
Graham Gooch missed the perfect chance to gain the psychological upper hand against New Zealand here on Sunday after throwing away his wicket.  Gooch, recalled to the England side for Thursday's first Test, had hit 42 off only 59 balls when he played a loose shot off Dion Nash and was caught in the gully. 
Argentinian striker Oscar Alberto Dertycia left Tenerife on Sunday to join rival top Spanish club Albacete.  Dertycia signed a two-year deal. 
South African Ernie Els lost some of his edge but was still sharp enough to take a three-stroke lead into the final round of the Volvo PGA championship here on Monday.  Els today added a 71 to his two scorching opening rounds of 66 for a 13 under par aggregate of 203 in his bid to lead from start-to-finish as he did in the Dubai Desert Classic in January. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Sunday that the gap between Israel and Syria in the search for a peace settlement was still "wide and deep."  "The time has arrived for the Syrians to talk directly to us, out of the limelight of the media, in a way really to get to the essence of the problems. There is no sign so far they want to go that way," he said. 
A congressional critic of President Bill Clinton's move to de-link China's trade privileges from human rights concerns said Sunday she had strong support among legislators for tougher action.  Nancy Pelosi, a Democrat from California, is working with Senate Majority leader George Mitchell on legislation following the decision Thursday to renew China's most favored nation trading status. 
Scot Colin McRae and Subaru teammate Carlos Sainz of Spain made the early running in the Acropolis rally here on Sunday.  They finished in the top two places, McRae holding a 43 second advantage and Didier Auriol of France, in a Toyota and fresh from victory in Corsica, third with a 52sec defecit. 
Al Unser Jnr won the 78th Indianapolis 500 here Sunday, his second victory here in three years.  Jacques Villeneuve, son of the late Canadian Formula One driver Gilles Villeneuve was second in his first Indy 500 start. 
International sanctions imposed against Belgrade for backing separatist Bosnian Serbs have cost the country 45 billion dollars since they were imposed two years ago, the daily Politika reported Sunday.  Citing government experts, the newspaper said that in the first year of the embargo, imposed by the United Nations on May 31, 1992, industrial production dropped by 20 percent on 1991, and by nearly 40 percent in the second year. 
Iraqi President Saddam Hussein on Sunday dismissed his prime minister, Ahmad Hussein al-Khodair, and took his place at the head of a new government, the official Iraqi news agency INA said.  It said the decision was announced in a presidential decree following a meeting of the Revolutionary Command Council, Iraq's most powerful body. 
Al Unser Jnr piloted his Mercedes-powered Penske to victory in the 78th Indianapolis 500 here Sunday, his second victory here in three years.  Jacques Villeneuve, son of the late Canadian Formula One driver Gilles Villeneuve was second in his first Indy 500 start. 
An international women's conference here condemned the treatment of women in war-torn Bosnia Sunday at its inaugural meeting attended by hundreds of women ministers, deputies and intellectuals.  The meeting of women from Europe and the Mediterranean also said the international community had a duty to defend Bosnia-Hercegovina's territorial integrity. 
Some 3,000 people demonstrated here Sunday for missing Israeli airman Ron Arad, whose plane was shot down over Lebanon in 1986, organizers said.  The rally was called by a support committee for Arad, the only missing Israeli servicemen in Lebanon still believed to be alive. 
Former communists are set to take an absolute majority in the Hungarian parliament after four years of conservative rule, according to initial results from run-off elections Sunday.  With 57.36 percent of the votes counted in 174 constituencies where the winner needed only a simple majority, the Hungarian Socialist Party was in the lead in 146 and had already secured 71 seats outright. 
Ireland's storming World Cup warm-up continued here on Sunday as they added the stunned German World Champions to their list of famous scalps.  Ireland, who beat Bolivia five days ago, went one better with a 2-0 win against Berti Vogts's men, with unlikely heroes Gary Kelly, a teenage substitute, and Tony Cascarino sealing the victory in front of a 50,000 crowd. 
Erich Honecker, who ruled communist East Germany for 18 years and built the Berlin Wall, died Sunday of liver cancer, a spokesperson for the family said. He was 81 years old.  The former East German communist party chief and head of state, who arrived in Chile in January 1993, died at his home in exile in Santiago. 
Pole-sitter Al Unser Jnr won his second Indianapolis 500 here Sunday after a heart-breaking crash eliminated leader Emerson Fittipaldi 16 laps from the finish.  Unser, who also won in 1992, took the checkered flag under caution conditions here Sunday in a crash-filled race, giving his four-time winner father, Al Unser Snr, a special 55th birthday present. 
Spanish club Larios won their fourth men's European Club Cup here on Sunday, edging out Italians Fiamme Azzurre by 13 points.  Larios won the title in 1990, 1991 and 1992. 
Israel decided Sunday to allow another 13,000 Palestinian to enter the country to work, raising the total number of workers from the Gaza Strip and West Bank to 25,500, the labour ministry said.  The ministry's spokesman Hanan Robin said the 13,000 construction workers would have to be over the age of 25, married, and have already worked in Israel for at least five years, for security reasons. 
Former communists were heading for an absolute majority in the Hungarian parliament Sunday after four years of conservative rule, according to initial results from run-off elections.  But political analysts said Hungary's future government would likely be a coalition between the former communists, who now call themselves the Hungarian Socialist Party, and the liberal Alliance of Free Democrats, in order to make up the two-thirds majority needed to pass major legislation. 
Iraqi President Saddam Hussein on Sunday dismissed his prime minister, Ahmad Hussein al-Khodair, and took his place at the head of a new government, the official Iraqi news agency INA said.  It said the decision was taken "because of the exceptional economic situation" and announced in a presidential decree following a meeting of the Revolutionary Command Council, Iraq's top decision-making body. 
Ethnic slaughter and civil war have emptied the fertile northern farmlands of Rwanda, once one of Africa's most densely populated countries.  As neighboring countries struggle to feed and shelter a massive influx of refugees from the killing fields of Rwanda, the lush northern third of the small central African country, formerly its bread basket, has been abandoned to nature. 
Hungary's former communists won an absolute majority Sunday in the second round of the country's general election, the national election centre said.  Known as the Hungarian Socialist Party, led by Gyula Horn, the former foreign minister in the communist administration that fell in 1989, the former communists were certain of getting 197 seats out of 386, with 99.92 percent of the vote in, the centre said. 
President Bill Clinton's approval rating has dropped to its lowest level in nine months, according to a poll published Sunday.  The survey conducted May 23-26 by the Harris Poll found that 42 percent gave Clinton a positive rating against 48 percent in early April, while his negative rating was up 56 percent from 51 percent two months ago. 
Mario Andretti's farewell Indianapolis 500 continued the hard-luck efforts that have plagued him since his only win here in 1969.  Andretti lasted only 23 laps before fuel system problems forced him out. It was the eighth time in 29 Indy races he placed in the bottom four. He finished last in 1968. 
Hungary's former communists won an absolute majority Sunday in run-off elections after four years of conservative rule, the national election centre said.  Restyled as the Hungarian Socialist Party and led by Gyula Horn, the foreign minister in the communist regime that fell in 1989, the former communists were certain of getting 197 seats out of 386, with 99.92 percent of the vote in, the centre said. An absolute majority is 194 seats. 
At least one person was killed and three injured in Bosnian Serb attacks on towns in central Bosnia Sunday, Radio Sarajevo reported.  UN Protection Force spokesman Major Rob Annink confirmed the attacks, saying 10 Serb shells hit the town of Bugojno and a few shells on Travnik, a short way to the north, but gave no details of casualties. 
Cuba's state-run television blamed Florida-based anti-Castro radio stations and the US government Sunday for the occupation of Belgium's diplomatic residence here by more than 100 Cuban asylum-seekers.  "This latest incident is yet another consequence of the incitement to illegal acts from Miami by counter-revolutionary stations, and of the restrictive policies of US immigration service authorities," said a television commentator on the official midday newscast. 
Former communists won an absolute majority Sunday in run-off elections in Hungary after four years of conservative rule, the national election centre said.  With more than 99 percent of the votes counted, the former communists, restyled as the Hungarian Socialist Party, have won at least 204 seats in the 386-member legislature, the centre said. An absolute majority is 194 seats. In the outgoing legislature the party had just 33 seats. 
One mistake cost Emerson Fittipaldi everyhing he had worked for in the past month.  Fittipaldi crashed 16 laps from the finish while leading Sunday's 78th Indianapolis 500, having dominated the race most of the day. His departure allowed Al Unser Jnr to win for the second time in three years. 
Army troops clashed with leftist rebels Sunday, killing three guerrillas, as Colombians went to the polls to pick a successor to President Cesar Gaviria, authorities said.  Army forces shot and killed the rebels in the southern Huila province and a soldier was injured by members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) in southeastern Caldas, the defense ministry said. 
A superb birdie from beneath a tree lifted Beth Daniel to a one-stroke victory in the Corning Classic women's golf tournament Sunday, ending the second-longest dry spell of her career.  Daniel, had gone 61 tournaments without a victory, but she broke that streak with the 28th win of her career. 
Patty Sheehan scooped up the biggest single winner's pay-off in the history of US women's golf Sunday when she finished the LPGA Skins Game with winnings of 285,000 dollars.  Sheehan took five skins and 145,000 dollars in Sunday's nine holes. She had won six skins and 140,000 dollars the day before. 
Argentina beat the United States 28-22 here this weekend in a 1995 Rugby World Cup qualifier.  The Pumas had tries from Martin Teran, Patricio Noriega and Jose Santamarina. 
The Houston Rockets survived low scoring from Hakeem Olajuwon and a determined rally by the Utah Jazz here Sunday to post an 80-78 win in the National Basketball Association playoff semi-finals.  The victory gave Houston a 3-1 lead in the best-of-seven series, with game five scheduled for Tuesday in Houston. 
Yemen's Foreign Minister Mohammad Bassandawa on Sunday rejected UN efforts to secure a ceasefire in his country's civil war, as an Arab League official in Riyadh said the war ha cost 50,000 lives and 10 billion dollars.  Yemen "rejects any UN Security Council interference in its internal affairs," the foreign minister, a northerner, told reporters here after a meeting with Arab League chief Esmat Abdel Meguid. 
The ruling Liberal Party's Ernesto Samper was leading his closest opponent by a razor-thin margin Sunday, according to early returns in Colombia's presidential vote.  With 56.3 percent of all votes counted nationwide, Samper, with 45.4 percent, was leading Conservative Andres Pastrana, with 44.6 percent, by a 0.9 percent margin, the electoral board said. 
Iraqi President Saddam Hussein sacked prime minister Ahmad al- Khodair's government Sunday and took over the premiership himself to tackle the country's economic crisis, the Iraqi news agency INA said.  But the thrust of the country's domestic and foreign policies is unlikely to change. 
Here is the list of the Iraqi government named Sunday, as published by the Iraqi news agency INA. President Saddam Hussein has taken over the duties of prime minister..  Deputy Prime Ministers:       Tareq Aziz 
Al Unser Jnr gave his father a priceless birthday gift Sunday, extending their family's legendary racing legacy with a victory in the Indianapolis 500.  Pole-sitting Unser won his second race here in three years after a heart-breaking crash eliminated leader Emerson Fittipaldi 16 laps from the finish. The Brazilian racer had led 145 laps. 
Just when the rain-disrupted Colonial golf tournament was back on track, thunderstorms stopped play Sunday leaving Scott Simpson with a one-shot lead with seven holes to play.  Simpson and his pursuers, notably Nick Price and Hale Irwin, will return with 15 other players to complete the final round on Monday, the Memorial Day holiday in the United States. 
About 1,000 people converged on this tiny Wisconsin town to promote -- and enjoy -- marijuana at the Weedstock festival.  But about 20 revellers' fun went up in smoke as they were arrested Sunday on drug charges. 
The US dollar opened at 104.38 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Monday, down 0.15 yen from the previous day's finish of 104.53 yen.  The opening rate here was higher than 104.22 yen quoted in New York late Friday. 
The newly-appointed Palestinian police chief for the autonomous Gaza Strip and Jericho on Sunday issued a stern warning to the fundamentalist militia HAMAS after it kidnapped and executed two supposed collaborators.  In a statement published in the Gaza Strip, General Nasser Yussef said: "Gangs within HAMAS are going about kidnapping and murdering people, as in the latest incident on Friday, when they killed Hussam Sleiman Doubs and Abdel Wahab Sobhi Radi and kidnapped another Palestinian, without any legal right to do so. 
Rwandan ambassador to Belgium Francois Garupiyintwali on Sunday denied reports from Rwanda that the interim government had fled its base in Gitarama, south of the capital Kigali.  Garupiyintwali told AFP by phone: "The entire Rwandan government is still at work in Gitarama. I myself spoke to government officials in Gitarama early Sunday evening." 
The ruling Liberal Party's Ernesto Samper was leading his closest opponent by a razor-thin margin Sunday, according to early returns in Colombia's presidential vote.  With 80 percent of all votes counted nationwide, Samper, with 45.4 percent, was leading Conservative Andres Pastrana, with 44.7 percent, by a 0.7 percent margin, the electoral board said. 
Thousands of motorcycles roared past the White House Sunday to protest the lifting of the US trade embargo on Hanoi despite unresolved cases of US soldiers missing since the Vietnam War.  "President (Bill) Clinton sold out our POWS to big business," read the banners flown by the bikers, many dressed in black leather and chains, who cruised to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. 
Gyula Horn, Hungary's leading candidate for prime minister after Sunday's run-off elections gave the Socialist Party a landslide victory, will be unable to sleep lying down for at least another three months.  Horn, a 61-year-old former foreign minister and one of the most popular polticians in Hungary, suffered a broken vertebra in his neck, a broken wrist and a consussion in an auto accident two days before first round of voting May 8. 
It stretched for hundreds of meters (yards) alongside a highway, and smelled fishy.  But hundreds of people took a bite out of the world's longest sandwich Sunday -- after inspectors with an eye for record breaking events gave it the green light for the Guinness Book. 
A controversial black Islamic leader and at least one other other person were shot Sunday following a speech on a California campus, authorities said.  Khallid Muhammad was not seriously injured according to police, who had to pull the crowd off the gunman after the shooting in the University of California, Riverside, parking lot. 
A controversial black Islamic speaker and three other people were shot Sunday following a speech on a California campus, authorities said.  Khallid Muhammad was not seriously injured according to police, who had to pull the crowd off the gunman after he opened fire in the University of California, Riverside, parking lot. 
South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo summoned the ambassadors of the United States, Japan, Russia and China on Monday for urgent consultations on the North Korean nuclear standoff.  Foreign ministry officials said Han began the consultations by first meeting with US Ambassador James Laney shortly after 11:00 a.m. (0240 GMT) at the request of President Kim Young-Sam. 
The ruling Liberal Party's Ernesto Samper edged out his closest opponent Sunday in Colombia's presidential ballot but voters will have to return to the polls next month for a runoff as he failed to win a majority.  With 95.7 percent of the votes counted nationwide, Samper, with 45.2 percent, was leading Conservative Andres Pastrana, with 45 percent, according to official results. 
Croatia on Monday is to circulate a new currency, the kuna, reviving a term introduced more than half a century ago when the country was gripped by fascism.  The kuna will replace the Croatian dinar on the day the country marks the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of communism. 
Indonesia will host a ministerial meeting on food and agriculture in member states of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) in the resort island of Bali in October, the official Antara news agency said Monday.  Antara quoted spokesman Bambang Subiantoro of the agriculture ministry as saying the meeting, to be held October 10-11, was expected to yield a program of action to maintain food supplies in NAM member states as well as other developing countries. 
Japan's industrial production in April fell 1.4 percent from March, the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) said Monday. 
Shoichiro Toyoda, the newly elected chairman of Japan's Federation of Economic Organisations (Keidanren), called on Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata Monday to accelerate deregulation to boost the economy.  During a meeting at the prime minister's official residence, Toyoda, who is also the chairman of Toyota Motor Corp., told Hata that "we request the government to swiftly promote deregulation." 
Suspected Islamic fundamentalist gunmen shot dead an Israeli reserve soldier on the Gaza Strip on Sunday night, military officials said Monday.  The Israeli army sealed off the area around the Nahal Oz crossing point into the middle of the Strip and launched a manhunt. 
Five years after pro-democracy demonstrators were massacred at Tiananmen Square here, the world's last communist dinosaur is fighting furiously to reconcile totalitarianism with economic liberalisation.  Since army tanks rolled into the square on June 4, 1989, crushing the huge democracy movement that had deeply shaken the authorities here, Deng Xiaoping's China has seen spectacular economic development and can now boast the world's highest rate of economic growth. 
China is to open its railways to foreign management, offering preferential investment policies to help the backward sector catch up with the demands of the booming economy, the China Daily said Monday.  Under the new policies being drafted by the ministry of railways, foreign investors will be permitted to set up and independently manage railway joint ventures, which will be given greater freedom in setting prices than state-run companies, the paper quoted a ministry official as saying. 
More than 25,000 square kilometres (10,000 square miles) of Cape York peninsula have become the biggest claim lodged under Australia's controversial native land title legislation, officials said Monday.  The claim, by the Wik Aboriginal people from the tropical north-east of Queensland, was one of five new claims accepted by the Native Title Tribunal set up under the the Native Title Act last month. 
Suspected Islamic fundamentalist gunmen shot dead an Israeli reserve soldier on the Gaza Strip on Sunday night, military officials said Monday.  Sergeant Shlomo Shetrit, 25, was on patrol on the edge of the Strip with six other men when he was hit in the head. He died immediately. 
American teenager Michael Fay, whose caning for vandalism sparked a protest by the US government, turned 19 in a Singapore prison Monday but could not receive any visitors or presents, his mother said.  Randy Chan said she was not attempting to see her son before a scheduled visit on Tuesday under prison regulations allowing family meetings every two weeks. 
Japan's industrial production in April fell 1.4 percent from March and declined 1.5 percent from a year earlier, the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) said Monday.  The ministry said shipments fell 1.6 percent month-to-month, while inventories fell 0.7 percent. 
Australia's economy fell further into the red in April, official data said Monday, as the value of exports slackened and the cost of paying for overseas debt soared.  The seasonally adjusted current account deficit rose 18 percent to 1.632 billion Australian dollars (1.2 billion US) from a revised 1.381 billion dollars the month before, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said. 
A Japanese court Monday sentenced former state minister Fumio Abe to a three-year prison term for taking 90 million yen (870,000 dollars) in bribes from a now-defunct steel-frame maker.  The Tokyo District Court also fined Abe 90 million yen after ruling that he took bribes from Kyowa Co. in 1989 and 1990 in exchange for using his political influence to rig bids for public works projects the company was interested in. 
France's Orly airport is to be open to flights from London as of June 13, French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson said here Monday.  He was speaking after meeting his British counterpart John MacGregor. There are to be four flights a day by British Airways and its TAT subsidiary from London's Heathrow airport, Bosson said. 
The ruble continued its downward slide Monday and was quoted at 1,908 to the US dollar, down from 1,904 during the previous trading session on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange.  Volume of trade totalled 11.25 million dollars with demand for dollars at 42.3 million dollars exceeding offers of 38.55 million dollars. 
The dollar closed lower at 104.40 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Monday, down 0.13 yen from the previous trading day's finish of 104.53 yen.  Investors refrained from active trading in the absence of incentives, dealers said, adding that they were waiting for US employment data to be released on Friday. 
Sunday's convincing election victory by the reformed communists may be seen by international analysts as a retreat from market-oriented reform, but Hungarians regard it as the light at the end of the tunnel.  What westerners might interpret as Hungary following Poland in a nostalic lurch to the left, Hungarians see as a hope of professional government after four years of non-communist but incompetent rule. 
Japan has offered economic aid to North Korea in return for international inspections of its facilities suspected of building nuclear bombs, Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata said Monday.  "It has been conveyed to them that if they opened their door, South Korea, the United States, China and Japan could join hands and extend as much cooperation as possible in raising living standards in North Korea," he told the House of Representatives budget committee. 
France's Orly airport is to open to flights from London as of June 13, French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson said here Monday.  He was speaking after meeting his British counterpart John MacGregor. There are to be four flights a day by British Airways and its TAT subsidiary from London's Heathrow airport, Bosson said. 
Eighty-four percent of Japanese public rate the ruling Hata administration as unstable and do not believe it will last, a newspaper poll said Monday.  The poll by the daily Yomiuri Shimbun found that 61 percent of the respondents did not believe Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata had a grip on his government, Japan's first minority administration in 39 years. 
Rwandan rebels pounded government troops with artillery in Kigali on Monday, delaying the evacuation of civilians by UN troops, UN officials said.  An army general and a rebel commander were meanwhile expected to open UN-mediated truce talks later Monday at the UN headquarters, near the Amahoro stadium where thousands of civilians have taken refuge. 
Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's Congress (I) Party was celebrating Monday its strong showing in parliamentary by-elections as voters in India's most populous state prepared to go to the polls.  Congress candidates won five of the eight seats at stake in the Lok Sabha, the lower house of parliament, in Thursday's by-elections. They also took five of the 10 state assembly seats, according to results announced Sunday. 
China has ordered 191 firms along the Huaihe River to clean up their act within seven months or be closed down, in a bid to end catastrophic pollution of the country's fourth biggest waterway, China Daily said Monday.  A task force backed by the State Council (cabinet), ordered the move at the start of a campaign to clean up the river within three years, the official English-language paper said. 
The Hong Kong government may hire bounty-hounters to track down and slay rogue killer sharks and reassure the colony's swimmers it is safe to go into the water this summer, a government spokesman said Monday.  "Jaws-Busters" were one of a number of ideas floated at a special working committee set up to deal with the perceived shark threat, recreation and culture department spokesman Chris Yit said. 
Japan's industrial production in April fell 1.4 percent from March and declined 1.5 percent from a year earlier, the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) said Monday.  The decline in the ministry's index of mining and manufacturing followed a 4.6 percent increase in March after falling 0.1 percent in February, MITI officials said. 
Japanese motor vehicle exports plunged 16.2 percent in April from a year earlier to 367,230 units,  the Japan Automobile Manufacturers' Association said Monday.  It was the 13th consecutive monthly decline. 
Policemen and residents of a coastal village in the eastern Philippines slaughtered a beached whale and feasted on its meat, the official Philippine News Agency (PNA) said Monday.  "Excited policemen peppered the creature with Armalite (assault rifle) bullets" when the mammal ran aground near Manito town in Albay Gulf last week, then villagers carved up its carcass with axes and machetes, an official of the natural resources department told PNA. 
Australia will field the new centre combination of Matt Burke and Matthew O'Connor against Ireland in Sunday's first rugby union international in Brisbane.  Burke, 21, and Test debutant O'Connor 23, named Monday in the Australian team, have never formed a centre pairing at any level although they were teammates in an under-21 Test against New Zealand last year. 
Australian champions Brisbane Broncos and English rugby league giants Wigan will play for a 400,000 dollar (288,000 US) winner-take-all stake in Wednesday's world club challenge here, officials announced Monday.  Players on the winning team will each receive more than 11,000 dollars (8,000 US) from their half share of the purse. 
Legendary cyclist Sir Hubert Opperman, better known as Oppy, has pedalled his last kilometer on the open road.  The 90-year-old, who set cycling fans alight in Europe in the 1920s and 1930s, delivered his Malvern Star bike -- built 50 years ago -- to a museum celebrating his career here Sunday. 
Three men alleged to have plotted a coup against the government of ex- president Kamuzu Banda have been released on bail, local newspapers reported Monday.  Adaki Sulaimana, 26, retired army major McDonald Kunje and retired army sergeant Finwell Mkwanda, who were arrested over Easter, were granted 10,000 kwacha (1,388 US dollars) bail. 
South African soccer hero "Doctor" Khumalo may face suspension from the first international against Australia in Adelaide on Wednesday week.  Khumalo was sent off 13 minutes from the end of South Africa's 2-1 win over Zambia in Johannesburg this month and the Australian Soccer Federation is waiting on a decision from the world body FIFA. 
Two candidates of the Malawi Congress Party (MCP), whose election to parliament was nullified because of alleged irregularities, have petitioned the High Court to overturn the ruling, local media reported Monday.  MCP vice-president Gwanda Chakuamba and Grace Chikweza, who won parliamentary seats in Nsanje in the May 17 elections, say the poll was declared free and fair by local and international observers. 
Japan's largest chemical manufacturer Mitsubishi Kasei Corp. forecast Monday its consolidated pre-tax profit would total 2.6 billion yen (25 million dollars) in the year to March 1995.  The company had earlier expected a pre-tax loss of 2.0 billion yen (19 million dollars) for the year. 
The rand firmed slightly against the dollar at the opening here Monday, trading at 3.6318/33 after Friday's close of 3.6430/45.  The financial rand for non-resident investors opened at 4.79/81 to the dollar, down from its previous close of 4.765/85. 
What they are saying at the French Open Tennis Championships in Paris:  "You sound like my coach. So detailed. But that is the way I hit the ball... but maybe for you I will do it differently." -- World number- one PETE SAMPRAS answering a complicated technical question from an Italian journalist about his backhand. 
Rwandan rebel and army commanders opened UN-mediated truce talks in Kigali on Monday, amid heavy fighting which prevented UN troops from evacuating civilians, UN officials said.  Gunfire erupted outside the UN headquarters at the Amahoro hotel minutes before army brigadier general Marcel Gatsuinzi arrived in a white UN armoured personnel carrier. 
Police seized 4,800 liters of alcohol east of here and arrested a Moslem and a Christian-Armenian, newspapers said here Monday.  The two suspects were manufacturing alcoholic beverages on a "large scale" in a residential property near the capital, the papers said. 
South Korean President Kim Young-Sam leaves for a state visit to Russia Wednesday seeking assurances on Moscow's role should the North Korean nuclear standoff deteriorate.  The security situation and Moscow's new interpretation of the mutual defence treaty with Pyongyang it inherited from the former Soviet Union will be high on the agenda of the four-day visit, a senior government official said Monday. 
Rwandan rebel and army commanders opened UN-mediated truce talks in Kigali on Monday, amid heavy fighting which prevented UN troops from evacuating civilians, UN officials said.  Gunfire erupted outside the UN headquarters at the Amahoro hotel minutes before army brigadier general Marcel Gatsuinzi arrived in a white UN armoured personnel carrier. 
An Italian banker has been jailed here in connection with the fraud case involving French industrialist Didier Pineau-Valencienne, prison officials said Monday.  They said Valentino Foti, whose arrest "came at about the same time as Friday's detention of Pineau-Valencienne," is the main stockholder of the Belgian real estate and financial company Patience et Beaujonc, a subsidiary of industrial giant Schneider SA. 
Indirect trade between Taiwan and China in the first quarter of 1994 edged up 7.42 percent from a year ago to hit 2.01 billion US dollars, the Board of Foreign Trade (BOFT) said Monday.  However, the pace of two-way trade growth slowed compared with 1992's first quarter increase of 37.93 percent and a 24.87-percent jump registered in the corresponding period of 1993, the government agency said. 
Police in the far-eastern Russian town of Vladivostok have reinforced the security detail around Alexander Solzhenitsyn following several shooting incidents since his arrival there, ITAR-TASS news agency said Monday.  The agency, quoting local police in Vladivostok, said several clashes between armed groups and police have taken place since Solzhenitsyn arrived there Friday. The incidents are apparently not linked to Solzenitsyn's arrival. 
Indian President Shankar Dayal Sharma arrived here Monday on a four- day official visit during which he is expected to sign several cooperation accords involving tourism and organised crime, local radio reported.  Sharma was invited to Bucharest by his Romanian counterpart Ion Iliescu. 
An Israeli reserve soldier was apparently shot dead by friendly fire on the edge of the Gaza Strip, state radio said Monday.  Military officials first announced that suspected Islamic fundamentalists had gunned down 25-year-old sergeant Shlomo Shetrit who was on night patrol Sunday with six other men. 
South Korean President Kim Young-Sam said Monday the North Korean nuclear standoff had entered a "crucial" stage because of North Korea's refusal to allow monitoring of the discharge of spent reactor fuel rods.  "We must be ready for any urgent situations," presidential spokesman Choo Don-Shik quoted Kim as telling an inter-ministerial coordination meeting. 
Grand Prix motor racing breathed a collective sigh of relief at the end of Sunday's Spanish Grand Prix.  There had been no serious accidents, the newly-revised cars had stood the test and the result could not have been better for the sport. 
Thai police have arrested a married couple and another man in northern Thailand who they say were supplying weapons and heroin refining chemicals to Burmese opium warlord Khun Sa, a police official said Monday.  Police found 29.8 kilograms (65 pounds) of heroin Sunday in the trunk of a car belonging to a young Thai couple in Chiang Mai province, some 700 kilometers (435 miles) from here, he said. 
French philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy on Monday reversed a decision on fielding candidates in forthcoming European elections on a "Sarajevo" platform, which had thrown mainstream parties into disarray.  His list, made up of French intellectuals and led by cancer specialist Leon Schwartzenberg, "will not go to the vote," Levy said in a statement. 
A wave of executions and tough prison sentences meted out Sunday mark a "victory" in the fight against corruption, the People's Daily declared Monday, ahead of the fifth anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre.  Without mentioning the bloodshed or the anniversary directly, the Communist Party daily made it clear that the tough measures were aimed at rooting out the social evil that was also a trigger for the 1989 mass protests. 
Police said Monday they arrested two men here in connection with the kidnap-murder earlier this month of a Chinese shark fin exporter.  Police spokesman Colonel Raymond Dowd said the two unidentified suspects, aged 25 and 29, were held in connection with the death of Michael Shen, 44, who was bundled into a car from his dockside place of business on May 12 by men posing as police officers. 
An Italian neo-fascist candidate running in the upcoming European elections is suggesting that homosexuals be interned while his party newspaper, Il Secolo, said that homosexuality was a crime.  According to a press report, Piero Buscaroli, the candidate from the neo-fascist National Alliance, believes that homosexuals should be placed in concentration camps and should be identified as "faggots" or "queens." 
China's summer wheat harvest this year will top 110 million tonnes, falling about five million tonnes short of the 1993 figure, the China Daily reported Monday.  The drop has been caused by a chronic drought in northern China, the encroachment on arable land by local development projects and neglect of the agricultural sector during the economic boom of recent years. 
South Korea's accumulated current account deficit widened to 2.8 billion dollars in the first four months of the year, the central Bank of Korea (BOK) said Monday.  The four-month figure was 3.4 times the 822 million dollar shortfall recorded during the same period of last year. 
Talks between Somalia's warring factions scheduled to open here on Monday have been postponed for the fourth time in two months, a UN official said.  A new date for the talks will be announced later, after further consultations between the United Nations and the Somali groups, said Huntley Anderson, an official of the UN operation in Somalia (UNOSOM). 
The Middle East peace talks have failed to live up to expectations since they began three years ago, Lebanese Foreign Minister Fares Bweiz said in remarks published here on Monday.  Bweiz told the official Jordanian press agency Petra when he arrived here late Sunday that "three years after the peace process was launched in Madrid it has not fulfilled the hopes" of the parties involved. 
At least 32 people were injured Monday in clashes between riot police and thousands of anti-nuclear demonstrators opposed to a proposed nuclear waste dump on South Korea's eastern coast, news reports said.  Violence erupted in Uljin, 330 kilometers (190 miles) southeast of Seoul, when thousands of riot police, helped by a helicopter, unleashed a tear gas attack on 5,000 protesters, said the state-run broadcasting network. 
Bangladeshi feminist writer Taslima Nasreen has drawn fire from rightwing and fundamentalist groups over anti-Islamic comments she reportedly made, newspapers said Monday.  Legislator Hafeza Asma Khatun of the fundamentalist Jamaat-e-Islami party accused the controversial author of irreverence by calling for the revision of Islam's holy book, the Koran, the daily Banglabazar newspaper said. 
Ernesto Samper, of the ruling Liberal Party, and leading Conservative, Andres Pastrana, will fight it out for the Colombian presidency in a June 19 runoff after both failed to win 51 percent of the vote in Sunday's presidential ballot.  With 97 percent of the votes counted, Samper held a slim 0.3 percent lead over Pastrana giving him 45.2 percent against 44.9 percent for Pastrana, a difference of 17,907 ballots, according to official results. 
Two small emirates have settled a long-standing but quiet border dispute after mediation by the president of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Sheikh Zayed ibn Sultan al-Nahayan, the UAE announced Monday.  Ras al-Khaimah and Umm al-Quwain, both members of the UAE, signed a border demarcation agreement on Sunday, according to a statement appearing in local newspapers. 
France's Orly airport is to open to flights from London as of June 13, French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson said here Monday.  He was speaking after meeting his British counterpart John MacGregor at the weekend. There are to be four flights a day by British Airways and its TAT subsidiary from London's Heathrow airport, Bosson said. 
Rwandan rebel and army commanders began UN-mediated truce talks in the capital Kigali on Monday, amid heavy fighting which stopped UN troops from evacuating civilians and pessimism about ceasefire prospects.  Gunfire erupted outside the UN headquarters at the Amahoro hotel minutes before army Brigadier-General Marcel Gatsuinzi arrived in a white UN armoured personnel carrier. 
England call-up Simon Shaw arrived here on Monday after lock Martin Johnson was ruled out of the rest of the South African tour.  Johnson, punched in the defeat against Transvaal, will have a brain scan to assess the injury. It is the second time in a year that the 24 -year-old has been concussed. 
Indonesian forestry authorities plan to cut down 20 percent of the nation's forests in the next 25 years for use as farm land and housing for people who will be moved from crowded areas, an official said Monday.  "What we will maintain during the PJPT II (the second 25-year development plan) will no longer be 141 million hectares (320 million acres) but 113 hectares (256 million acres)," Forestry Minister Jamaludin Suryohadikusumo said after meeting President Suharto. 
Immigrants have invested a total of 720.5 million NZ dollars (424.3 million US dollars) in New Zealand since new business-related immigration policies were implemented in November 1991, Minister of Immigration Roger Maxwell said in a statement Monday.  "The business investment category (BIC) has been successful in attracting immigrants with business skills and capital to invest in New Zealand," he said. 
Japan's Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday its subsidiary in the United States, Diamond Star Motors Corp. (DSM), would purchase US auto parts worth more than one billion dollars this year.  Mitusbishi said in March that Diamond Star's purchases of US auto parts were expected to rise from 650 million dollars in 1993 to between 1.4 billion and 1.63 billion dollars in 1996. 
Former Japanese prime minister Morihito Hosokawa was attacked by a man armed with pistol here Monday, news reports said.  The unidentified attacker fired a pistol shot at Hosokawa in front of a Tokyo hotel but the bullet did not hit the former prime minister, the reports said. 
Argentina star Diego Maradona offered a prayer at the Wailing Wall here on Monday -- but refused to reveal if he had called on divine help to win the World Cup.  Maradona donned a Jewish skullcap to leave a little written note at the holiest site in Judaism. 
The new Palestinian Authority has money to pay the June salaries of 7,000 civil servants it has inherited from the former Israeli administration of the Gaza Strip, a senior Palestinian official said Monday.  The statement came after Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin warned Sunday that Israel would no longer pay the 25,000 Palestinians who worked for the Israelis in Gaza. 
A strong earthquake which hit Indonesia's remote province of Irian Jaya has killed at least three people, a news report said here Monday.  Paniai regent Jusuf Adipatah was quoted by the evening daily Suara Pembaruan as saying that the quake which hit the regency Wednesday also killed cattle and damaged buildings. 
Chilean army chief and former president General Augusto Pinochet arrived in Prague Monday, where he is expected to discuss possible arms deals, CTK agency said.  CTK said he arrived by road from Amsterdam for a private visit of several days on the invitation of Omnipol, a company specialising in arms exports. 
Angola's rebel UNITA said Monday that a weekend attack on its stronghold of Huambo by government troops further blocks the road to peace currently barred by disagreements over power-sharing at talks here.  "This attack is a clear message to us that something is missing in terms of political will to achieve a good result at these talks," UNITA spokesman Jorge Valentim told AFP here. 
A man, believed to be a right-wing political activist, fired a pistol at former prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa here Monday but missed, police said.  The attacker was immediately overpowered, they said. 
Canada's Northern Telecom is to supply 82 million US dollars' worth of state-of-the-art digital switching equipment to three sites in China, its Asia-Pacific headquarters said Monday.  The switching systems, to be installed in Tianjin city and Shaanxi and Hebei provinces, can each support up to 100,000 telephone lines as well as plug into China's national telecommunications network. 
Both the former communists in Hungary's Socialist Party (MSZP) and the runner-up liberal Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ) promise "blood, sweat and tears" until the end of next year.  That will involve a drop in real wages of at least five percent, a 15-25 percent devaluation of the forint, and an increase in the current inflation rate of 23.4 percent, they say. 
Jim Courier will have no qualms about wrecking the grand slam dream of his old friend Pete Sampras.  The American pair, off court pals and on court rivals for nearly a decade, meet here on Tuesday in a quarter-final clash that is the first major obstacle in the way of Sampras becoming the first player since Rod Laver to hold all four major titles. 
The Paris stock exchange was slightly up Monday lunchtime amid thin trading, while London and New York were closed as a result of a bank holiday.  After finishing the week at its lowest level this year, the CAC 40 index was up 0.59 percent at 2,062.70 points at 0930 GMT. 
Iran's culture ministry on Monday invited foreign journalists to attend the fifth anniversary of the death of the founder of Islamic republic, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.  Journalists can contact Iranian consular sections abroad to obtain visas for the 10-day visit from May 31 to June 9, it said. 
South Korea will send a 50-member military medical unit to the Western Sahara this year to assist a UN mission in the disputed territory, the defense ministry said Monday.  The ministry said an advance team of 20 would be sent to the Western Sahara, which is contested between Morocco and the Polisario Front, in August following parliamentary approval. 
Argentina's World Cup hope Diego Maradona put his turbulent past behind him on Monday to deposit a pray in a crack in the Wailing Wall.  Maradona donned a Jewish skullcap to leave a little written note at the holiest site in Judaism, but he refused to disclose if he asked for God's help in winning the 1994 finals in the United States. 
Burmese government troops fought Monday with the Maung Tai Army (MTA) of opium warlord Khun Sa, holding week-old positions some 20 kilometers (12 miles) west of the border town of Tachilek, Thai border authorities said.  Fighting in the government-guerrilla conflict remained sporadic and intense in some areas, but there was no indication that either side was gaining an advantage, they said. 
Hungarian election results on Monday demonstrated further gains by former communists who were ousted from power by pro-reform governments five years ago with the collapse of the Berlin Wall.  Herewith the situation in the countries of former Eastern Europe: 
In a further breakthrough for peace in South Africa, the white right- wing Conservative Party (CP) agreed Monday to join talks on a separate homeland for Afrikaners, President Nelson Mandela said.  Addressing a press conference after holding talks with CP leader Ferdi Hartzenberg early Monday, Mandela said Deputy President Thabo Mbeki would facilitate tripartite talks between the government, the CP and another right-wing group, the Freedom Front (FF). 
Football star Ruud Gullit walked out on the Dutch World Cup squad and will not play in the tournament, Dutch trainer Dick Advocaat announced here on Monday. 
French intellectuals who decided to stand in European elections on a pro-Bosnia Moslem ticket on Monday called off the bid, said the group's leader, philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy.  But Levy said in a statement that the intellectuals on the "Europe starts at Sarajevo" list would continue to campaign. 
Football star Ruud Gullit walked out on the Dutch World Cup squad and will not play in the tournament, Dutch trainer Dick Advocaat announced here on Monday.  Advocaat said Gullit did not give any reasons for his departure but promised to tell him after the tournament. 
Compagnie Fonciere Internationale (CFI), a subsidiary of the French Banque de Suez, is to sell a large part of its real estate holdings to Unibail, Suez announced Monday.  The total of sales is expected to bring in 3.2 to 4 billion francs (614 to 700 million dollars, boosting Suez funds by 1.7 to 1.9 billion francs, the company said. 
More than 350 well-dressed but grim Afghan intellectuals attended a seminar here Monday and called for the protection of human rights as rival factions traded gunfire in west Kabul.  "The Afghan people have suffered so much for so long, they need peace and security," said Mohammad Yamin, chairman of a citizen's forum which called the Servants of Peace and Reconciliation. 
The troubled Euro-Disney leisure company, which has just undergone a major financial overhaul, expects to make a loss during the April to September accounting period, according to its boss Philippe Bourguignon.  "Once the financial restructuring, including the interim agreement, are implemented, this will provide the company with sufficient funds to continue operations," the director said in a group report to be submitted to share-holders on June 8. 
A team of three European Union ministers arrived here Monday for meetings with President Liamine Zeroual and other top officials in conflict-wracked Algeria.  Officials said the three were met at the airport by Algerian Foreign Minister Mohamed Salah Dembri, with whom they were to have talks at the outset of a working visit of several hours. 
Russia retargeted Monday its missiles away from the United States and Britain in line with agreements signed earlier this year with the two countries, the commander of Russian strategic rocket troops said.  General Igor Sergeyev was quoted by Iterfax as saying that the nuclear weapons were "de-targeted" and would not be aimed at any place on earth. 
Sporadic artillery duels on Monday broke an uneasy calm along the front lines in Yemen's four-week civil war, military officials said here.  Fighting has died down since Sunday along an arc west, north, and east of the southern stronghold of Aden, proclaimed the capital of a separate state 10 days ago, they said. 
Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh has clamped down with an iron fist, arresting hundreds and setting up a spy network in a bid to check the slightest resistance to the civil war, Western diplomats said.  Members of the southern Yemen Socialist Party (YSP), trapped in Sanaa by the outbreak of war on May 5, have been forced into hiding after "several militants have been killed," one diplomat in the region said. 
Pope John Paul II has issued a firm "no" to the ordination of women as priests in one of his sternest and shortest rulings as pope, according to a copy of the document released Monday.  In his ruling, dated May 22 and sent to bishops worldwide, the pope said: "So that there is no doubt on a question of great importance, I declare,... that the church has no power whatsoever to ordain women and that this decision must be firmly followed by all members of the church." 
Governor Chris Patten defended his government's decision to ban exiled Chinese dissidents from Hong Kong, saying Monday it was too "sensitive" for them to come.  "There are just some moments -- you know it as well as I do -- which are rather more sensitive than others," Patten told reporters on his return from a week-long trip to Britain. 
A flare-up of violence in South Africa's Zulu province of KwaZulu- Natal claimed 21 lives at the weekend, while six people were killed in Johannesburg, police said.  Most of the murders were common-law crimes rather than political killings, police said. 
Palestinian police arrested and beat four armed Palestinian collaborators in the autonomous area of Jericho, Palestinian sources said Monday.  However the four men carrying Uzi guns were released without any serious injury after a couple of hours when they showed Israeli passports. 
Hungarian voters on Sunday placed their fate firmly in the hands of erstwhile communist reformers in the Socialist Party, spurning a four- year old center-right coalition widely dismissed here as incompetent.  Hungary is thus set to join Poland in moving back to the left in an an apparent backlash against market-oriented economic reform. Former communists dominated general elections in Poland last September. 
Football star Ruud Gullit has walked out on the Dutch World Cup squad and will not play in the tournament, trainer Dick Advocaat announced here on Monday.  Advocaat said Gullit, who has only just returned to international football after a self-imposed exile, did not give any reasons for his departure. 
Serb forces are counter-attacking in north-central Bosnia-Hercegovina in a bid to halt a push west by the Moslem-dominated Bosnian army, a UN spokesman said Monday.  The Serbs have also launched an offensive some 30 kilometres (20 miles) east of the major government-held town of Tuzla in north- eastern Bosnia, said Colonel Ekrem Avdic, spokesman for the Bosnian army Second Corps. 
The wife and son of the president of the Russian Caucasus republic of Chechnya were injured in the failed assassination attempt against the president Friday night, the Interfax news agency reported on Monday.  Quoting foreign ministry sources, it said President Dzhokar Dudayev's 11-year-old son was hit by glass but his condition was "satisfactory." 
A man, believed to be a right-wing political activist, shot at former Japanese prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa here Monday, but he escaped unhurt, police said.  The 52-year-old attacker, who called himself Masakatsu Nozoe and a member of rightist group Shokonjuku, was immediately overpowered, police said, adding that they were questioning the gunman. 
The Philippines on Monday deported four Sri Lankan delegates to an outlawed private meeting on East Timor amid a mounting diplomatic embarrassment over the ban.  The May 31-June 3 conference on alleged human rights abuses by the Indonesian army in the former Portuguese territory has been temporarily banned by a Filipino court, while President Fidel Ramos has vowed to deport foreigners planning to attend the meeting. 
The wife and son of the president of the Russian Caucasus republic of Chechnya were injured in a failed assassination attempt against him on Friday night, the Interfax news agency reported on Monday.  Quoting foreign ministry sources, it said President Dzhokar Dudayev's 11-year-old son was hit by glass but his condition was "satisfactory." 
"I wanted to play against South Africa, but now I'm out for three weeks. I've had concussion before -- in 1992 -- and am very despondent."  Johnson's replacement, 21-year-old Bristol lock Simon Shaw, was due to arrive here later Monday. 
At 6:30 a.m. on D-Day a first wave of US soldiers was to take the beach in Varreville and drive towards paratroopers who had arrived inland overnight.  The problem: they landed two kilometres (1.2 miles) to the south at the wrong beach. 
Thousands of Kurds have fled their homes in northeast Iraq amid intensified fighting between rival Kurdish factions, Tehran radio said Monday.  The radio reported stepped-up clashes in Arbil, Qala Diza, Sulaymaniyeh and the Haj-Omran region of Halabja, near the Iranian border, despite three ceasefire accords and the setting up of a joint committee to supervise an end to the fighting. 
Omaha was the beach where the D-Day invasion almost failed.  The US first infantry division, the "Big Red One," and the 29th infantry division landed at 6:30 a.m. to a horrible surprise. The air bombardments had not eliminated their targets, the extensive system of mines and tank traps the Germans had laid and that were exposed at low tide. 
Gold beach at Arromanches was the western-most landing site assigned to British forces on D-Day and was where the mobile Mulberry port was installed.  The 50th British division and the 8th armored brigade landed at 7:25 a.m., along with Royal Navy commandos. A total of 24,970 men reached this beach, flanked to the west by high cliffs but open to the east. 
Radio equipment donated by Germany for the new Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation has been blocked in customs for two weeks in a dispute with Israel, a Palestinian official said.  Israel has demanded that the Palestinians pay duty on the equipment, Saman Khoury, the corporation's deputy chairman told AFP. 
Israel freed 78 Palestinian prisoners on Monday in line with an agreement which launched self-rule in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho this month, a Palestinian police official said.  The Gazans were released from the Ketziot army prison camp in the Negev desert of southern Israeli, said the official. 
The Canadian 3rd divison attacked Juno on D-Day, the middle of three beaches lying east of Arromanches.  Their goal was to take the RN 13 road linking Bayeux and Caen, to join up with troops securing Gold and Omaha beaches, both to the west, and to take Carpiquet airport. 
British troops faced stiff resistance at Sword beach, the furthest beach to the east on D-Day.  The 3rd division, the 27th tank brigade, the 101st Beach Sub Area and Royal Marines embarked against heavily fortified German positions in the dunes. 
The fate of Europe rested on a few kilometres of beach and a few sleepy villages in the northern French region of Normandy when the Allies landed on June 6, 1944 for the biggest seaborne invasion of all time.  On that momentous and long-awaited day, the beaches along the Nacre coastline were given new names: "Utah" and "Omaha" for the American beachheads, "Gold," "Sword" and "Juno" for the British and Canadian landings. 
Top French executive Didier Pineau-Valencienne has been joined in his Brussels jail by an Italian banker, prison officials said Monday as French business leaders protested the arrest of the Frenchman on fraud charges.  Both Pineau-Valencienne and the banker, Valentino Foti, whose arrest came at about the same time on Friday, face charges of forgery, using false documents, fraud, false accounting and breach of confidence, investigators said. 
The European Union is to impose quotas on the volume of imported garlic from China, EU Agricultural Commissioner Rene Steichen said here Monday.  He said that imports of the Chinese garlic would be limited to 10,000 tonnes over the 12 month period ending on May 31 next year, and to 5,000 tonnes over the next three months to August 31. 
French intellectuals who decided to stand in European elections on a pro-Bosnia Moslem ticket on Monday called off the bid, said the group's leader, philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy.  But Levy said in a statement that the intellectuals on the "Europe starts at Sarajevo" list would continue to campaign. 
Rwandan rebel and army leaders on Monday held talks in the embattled capital Kigali aimed at ending the violence that has claimed up to 500,000 lives, while UN troops evacuated hundreds of civilians.  The UN-mediated truce talks began amid heavy fighting which initially prevented UN troops from evacuating people trapped behind the lines as hostages to ethnic conflict. 
The dollar and the German mark remained stable on the money market here Monday morning with little trading as markets remained closed because of bank holidays in London and New York.  At 1130 GMT, the dollar was trading at 1.6445 German marks compared to 1.6440 at Friday's close, 5.6185 French francs (5.6210) and 104.38 yen (104.40). 
The Indian capital wilted under a blazing sun on Monday as the hottest day in 50 years brought life to a standstill.  The meteorological office here said the 46 degrees Celsius (114.8 degrees Fahrenheit) recorded in the afternoon was the highest temperature since 1944. 
Indonesia will send 221 military medics to Bosnia-Hercegovina next month, Coordinating Minister of Political and Security Affairs Susilo Sudarman said Monday.  Sudarman said the detachment would leave in July and would be placed on "Line II" in Bosnia-Hercegovina, the Antara news agency reported. 
Some 60 people were injured Monday in clashes between riot police and thousands of anti-nuclear demonstrators opposed to a planned nuclear waste dump on South Korea's eastern coast, news report said.  Violence erupted in Uljin, 330 kilometers (190 miles) southeast of Seoul, when thousands of riot police, helped by a helicopter, unleashed a tear gas attack on 5,000 protesters, said KBS, the state- run broadcasting network. 
Japan's top seven nonferrous metal companies on Monday reported a decline in their sales and pre-tax profits in the year to March 31 due to sluggish demand at home and worldwide price debacles.  The stronger yen also eroded the competitiveness of their products abroad and was expected to affect the companies in the current year during which they mostly forecast slight improvements in earnings. 
Malaysia Airlines (MAS) reported Monday that its group pre-tax profit nosedived by 89.8 percent to 16.1 million ringgit (6.44 million US) for the year to March 31, 1994.  MAS chairman Zain Azraai Abidin said profit fell by 141.8 million ringgit from the previous financial year's 157.9 million. 
Rival Iraqi Kurdish factions met in Silopi, southeast Turkey, on Monday in a Turkish-backed initiative to end fighting in northern Iraq, the semi-official agency Anatolia reported.  Representatives from the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) who have been battling since the beginning of May took part in the meeting with Turkish officials. 
Malawi's new President Bakili Muluzi on Tuesday begins a four-nation "solidarity" visit to Botswana, Mozambique, Zambia and Zimbabwe, the External Affairs ministry said Monday.  The visit, Muluzi's first outside the country since being sworn-in as president last week after Malawi's first multi-party elections, is expected to end Thursday. 
Bosnia's Tuzla-Dubrave airport, which is under UN protection, came under heavy shelling Monday, a United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) officer said.  "We're being shelled, we're on red alert and everyone is in the shelters," the duty officer at the airport, some 20 kilometres (12 miles) south-east of the town of Tuzla, told AFP by telephone. 
Leading political figures, both on the right and left, have made an electoral theme of Germany's big financial contribution to the European Union (EU), suggesting that the level should be reduced.  With the European elections less than two weeks away, both Chancellor Helmut Kohl and opposition Social Democrat party (SPD) leader Rudolf Scharping at the weekend took up the theme, which has become a favourite of the anti-Maastricht campaigners. 
The Palestinians will keep their headquarters and institutions in Jerusalem whatever Israel says, the PLO leader on the occupied West Bank said defiantly on Monday.  "We will not accept any change in the status quo," Faisal Husseini told a press conference. 
Mauritius has decided to make entry visas obligatory for Indians visiting this Indian Ocean island as part of its drive against drug trafficking, it was announced here on Monday.  Several Indians have been arrested recently and charged with trafficking. 
Arab Moslem intellectuals united with their western counterparts on Monday in denouncing the "fatwa" pronounced against British writer Salman Rushdie five years ago by the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.  Rushdie was sentenced to death for blasphemy by the former Iranian spiritual leader for the publication of his novel "The Satanic Verses." 
President Saddam Hussein has tightened his grip on Iraq's embargo- battered economy and hinted at more repression by taking over the prime minister's job, experts in the Middle East said Monday.  The ruling Revolutionary Command Council (RCC) said as it sacked Prime Minister Ahmad al-Khodair on Sunday that it had decided "for economic reasons, to relieve the government of its duties." 
Hendrik Dreekmann restored Germany's battered morale at the French Open on Monday when he stormed into the quarter-finals at the expense of the man who dumped Michael Stich out of the tournament.  Dreekmann survived a nervous start to beat American Aaron Krickstein 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 in what turned out to be a one-sided match. 
Authorities in the breakaway Russian Caucasus republic of Chechnya accused Monday the Russian secret service of being behind the recent failed attempt to assassinate President Dzhokar Dudayev.  Movlady Udugov, Dudayev's spokesman, said last Friday's car-bomb attack near the capital Grozny was the work of "local experts working for Yevgueny Primakov," the head of Russia's foreign intelligence service. 
A US-led invasion of Haiti could easily remove the military and reinstate President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, but an international force would have to stay for years, The New York Times reported Monday.  The newspaper noted that a force of 650 Marines sent to Guantanamo Bay for training last week of the kind US officials said might serve as an invasion vanguard. 
Hendrik Dreekmann restored Germany's battered morale at the French Open on Monday when he stormed into the quarter-finals at the expense of the man who dumped Michael Stich out of the tournament.  Dreekmann survived a nervous start to beat American Aaron Krickstein 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 in what turned out to be a one-sided match. 
PLO guerrillas who joined the new police force stormed out of their training camp on Monday demanding guns to protect themselves, one of their leaders told AFP.  The walkout came after suspected Israeli agents in a car chased four of the men from the Hawks, the armed wing of the mainstream PLO group Fatah. 
The UN-controlled Tuzla airport came under heavy shelling Monday, forcing UN troops into protective shelters, a UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) officer said.  "We're being shelled, we're on red alert and everyone is in the shelters," the duty officer at the airport, some 20 kilometres (12 miles) south-east of the town of Tuzla, told AFP by telephone. 
The constituent assembly of the new Croat-Moslem federation of Bosnia- Hercegovina on Monday approved Kresimir Zubak, a Croat, as its president for the next six months.  His appointment was counterbalanced with the naming of Bosnian Vice President Ejup Ganic, a Moslem, to the same office in the new federation. 
Libya on Monday officially restored the Aouzou Strip, a tract of desert territory believed to be rich in minerals, to Chad after a 22-year occupation, Chadian radio reported.  The handover took place as planned at Aouzou, a post in the territory of 114,000 square kilometres (45,600 square miles) which had led to war between the two nations in the past, the radio said. 
England prospect David May signed a four-year contract with English double winners Manchester United on Monday.  The 23-year-old defender resisted a last-ditch rescue package, put together by Blackburn Rovers' multi-millionaire chairman Jack Walker, to keep him at Ewood Park. 
Consumer prices in Belgium rose 0.35 percent from April to May, bringing the annual rate of inflation to 2.56 percent, the economy ministry said Monday.  The ministry usually publishes such statistics without awaiting the end of the month. 
Police have arrested a teenager in Utah for the shooting of a German couple who were sightseeing on a mountain highway east of Los Angeles.  The 17-year-old male, whose name was not released because of his age, was arrested Sunday while visiting a relative near Salt Lake City. 
Slovaquian Jan Svorada claimed the first stage victory of his career in the Tour of Italy here on Monday.  Russian overall leader Evgueni Berzin retained the pink jersey after the 153km ninth stage. 
Enoch Dumbutshena, the founder leader of Zimbabwe's main opposition, the Forum Party of Zimbabwe (FPZ), on Monday denied that he had been dismissed from the one year-old party.  A weekend meeting of some 300 FPZ delegates from the country's five provincial offices passed a vote of no confidence in former chief justice Dumbutshena and his deputy and lawyer, Washington Sansole. 
Five contracts valued at almost 800 million Hong Kong dollars (100 million US) were awarded here Monday for the territory's new airport, including construction of a 1.2 kilometer-long (0.7 mile) passenger terminal.  Gammon-Nishimatsu Joint Venture of Hong Kong and Japan was awarded a 465 million Hong Kong dollar contract to lay foundations for the passenger terminal, the Provisional Airport Authority (PAA) announced. 
Belgian vice-premier and telecommunications minister Elio di Rupo denounced Monday the presence of his neo-fascist Italian counterpart, Giuseppe Tatarella, at a European Union ministerial meeting.  "For the first time since the creation of the European Community, the council has a member from a political party that claims to be the heir of a form of totalitarianism -- Italy's fascist regime of the 30s and early 40s," di Rupo said in a communique. 
The Spanish Iberia airline company lost some 13.6 billion peseta (100 million dollars) in the four months of the year, the company said Monday.  Turnover during the first four months was 149.7 billion pesetas, up by about 8.1 billion compared to the same period last year. 
Brimming with confidence after a strong showing in parliamentary by- elections, India's ruling Congress (I) party on Monday ruled out an early general election.  "There is no question of early general elections," party spokesman Vithal Gadgil said, describing the outcome of the May 26 by-elections as "a renewed vote of confidence in the leadership of (Prime Minister) P.V. Narasimha Rao." 
Russia retargeted its missiles away from the United States and Britain on Monday, in line with agreements signed earlier this year with the two countries, the commander of Russian strategic rocket forces said.  General Igor Sergeyev was quoted by Interfax as saying that the nuclear weapons were "de-targeted" and would not be aimed at any place on earth. 
Alberto Berasategui reached the men's singles quarter-finals at the French Open here on Monday when his opponent Javier Frana of Argentina pulled out with a stomach injury.  The promising 20-year-old Spaniard was leading 6-2, 6-0 when Frana doubled up on the court. 
The Philippines Monday deported seven more foreign delegates to an outlawed human-rights forum on East Timor amid mounting diplomatic embarrassment over the banned meeting.  The expulsions of four Sri Lankans, an Australian and two Portuguese on the eve of the conference brought the number of deportations to 10. 
The Malaysian government has put on hold an application by the University of London to set up a constituent college here pending legislative changes, Education Minister Sulaiman Daud said Monday.  "It (the application) could not be considered as there is no legal provision for it," Sulaiman was quoted by Bernama news agency as saying in the northeastern town of Kuala Terengganu. 
The Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) here Monday welcomed South Africa to join the grouping of more than 100 nations, following its first all- race elections last month, the Egyptian news agency MENA reported.  Senior NAM officials raised the South African flag after deciding to accept its application, MENA said. It will officially become the 109th member on Tuesday when foreign ministers open a conference. 
Brian Little's Leicester City have been promoted to the English Premiership after coming from behind to beat favourites Derby County in the Division One play-off final at Wembley.  Derby County 1 (Johnson, 27) Leicester City 2 (Walsh 43, 87). 
This year's English Derby promises to be one of the most open for years -- and the weather looks set to play a key role.  A mere five days ago Skeikh Mohammed would have would have held high hopes of a first victory in the classic, as rain fell heavily to soften up the Epsom turf. 
A lone rightwing gunman tried to assassinate former prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa on Monday, in an assault that shocked political leaders and sharply reminded the country of brooding nationalist sentiment.  The gunman fired a single shot at Hosokawa from around 10 metres (33 feet) as he emerged from a meeting, but the bullet hit the ceiling and there were no casualties, police said. 
Moshood Abiola, the presumed winner of presidential elections annulled in Nigeria last June, has again vowed to form a government in the near future, defying the military regime.  In an interview with the magazine News published Monday, Abiola called on the junta of General Sani Abacha to stand down and said "I am fully ready to claim the mandate. I am ready for the worst." 
Authorities in the breakaway Russian Caucasus republic of Chechnya accused Monday the Russian secret service of staging an assassination attempt on President Dzhokhar Dudayev.  A spokesman for Dudayev said that last Friday's car-bomb attack near the capital Grozny was the work of "local experts working for Yevgeny Primakov", the head of Russia's foreign intelligence service. 
The German industrial Mannesmann group is forecasting a profit this year, after record losses of 513 million marks last year, the group's director said here Monday.  Speaking at a press conference Werner Dieter said he expected his group, which specializes in mechanical construction, car equipment and wireless telephones, to be "back in the black" this year. 
The latest model to roll off German tennis' production line was revealed to the world on Monday when Hendrik Dreekmann motored past Aaron Krickstein in straight sets to reach the French Open quarter finals.  The 19-year-old from Bielefeld,  restored national pride against the man who dumped Michael Stich out of competition with a one-sided 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 victory. 
France's gross domestic product should increase by 1.4 to 1.6 percent this year, according to a joint statement issued here Monday by the Franco-German economic council.  The French government had earlier estimated growth for this year at 1.4 percent. In 1993, the GDP shrank one percent. 
Ilie Nastase was barred from captaining Romania in the Davis Cup here on Monday because of bad behaviour.  The International Tennis Federation announced the former player had been banned from the match against Great Britain on July 15-17 because of his antics during Romania's clash with South Africa in March. 
Slovaquian Jan Svorada claimed the first stage victory of his career in the Tour of Italy here on Monday.  Russian overall leader Evgueni Berzin, who finished 15th in the same time as the leader, retained the pink jersey after the 153km ninth stage ended in a mass sprint. 
Croatia Monday celebrated the fourth anniversary of the end of communist rule by issuing a controversial new currency and reviving debate over the country's pro-fascist past.  President Franjo Tudjman also inaugurated a massive structure, built on the remains of a medieval fortress, named the Altar of the Croatian Homeland -- dubbed "vulgar" and "pharaonic" by the opposition press. 
The White House hosted 200 veterans, including 73 who fought in World War II, for a breakfast Monday with President Bill Clinton as part of Memorial Day ceremonies.  In brief remarks, Clinton, who leaves for Europe Wednesday for ceremonies to mark the 50th anniversary of the Allied invasion of France, praised the contributions of those who had fought on the beaches of Normandy. 
Britain's Chris Boardman won the Criterium du Dauphine Libere prologue here on Monday.  The former Olympic pursuit champion and one-hour world record holder, in his first professional season, braved the rain to clock 8min 50.05secs over the 6.7km course, beating GAN teammate Jean-Philippe Dojwa of France (8:51.18) and another Frenchman, Emmanuel Magnien (8:52.68). 
Violence flared up across South Africa this weekend for the first time since last month's elections, claiming 43 lives countrywide, police said Monday.  Most of the killings were due to the so-called "Taxi War" -- battle for control of ranks and clientele in the large black townships -- as well as to common crimes, rather than political killings, police said. 
The stamina-sapping red clay surfaces at the Roland Garros Stadium began to take their toll as the French Open Tennis Championships moved into their second week here on Monday.  Javier Frana pulled up in agony and had to drop out of his fourth- round clash against Spain's Alberto Berasategui after two sets with a stomach muscle injury. 
Bankers trying to recover 220 million dollars worth of debts from maverick politician and self-made millionaire Bernard Tapie have laid hands on 100 million francs (17.8 million dollars), the state-owned bank Credit Lyonnais said on Monday.  The cash, held in the politician's Groupe Bernard Tapie bank account in Paris, was frozen by court order last Friday. 
Roger Penske's calculated risk on the new Mercedes-Benz engine paid off with a victory in Sunday's Indianapolis 500.  But after pole-sitting winner Al Unser Jnr and teammate Emerson Fittipaldi dominated the eight million-dollar race, many expect race officials to change rules to ban the motor from future Indy starts. 
Chemical Bank of New York has formally expressed interest in opening a Philippine branch under a new law which allows foreign competition in banking, Central Bank Governor Gabriel Singson said Monday.  Singson said that the US banking giant voiced its interest in a formal letter to his office recently. He declined to give additional details. 
A German member of the European Parliament was charged Monday with dealing in forged banknotes to the value of some five million Swiss francs (3.55 million dollars), police and prosecutors said.  Dieter Schinzel, a Euro-MP of the Social Democrat Party (SPD), was arrested Friday in Aschaffenburg, southern Germany, along with four men from the former Yugoslavia and two German women, the joint statement said. 
The memoirs of former East German leader Erich Honecker, who died in Chile at the weekend, will be published in June, his publishing house said Monday.  The memoirs, written during Honecker's imprisonment in Berlin and entitled "Notes from Moabit" -- the prison where he was held from July 1992 to January 1993 -- are a last declaration of faith in the communist ideals he espoused right up to his death Sunday. 
The Moslem fundamentalist group HAMAS on Monday refused to hand over militants who killed two suspected collaborators in Gaza to the Palestinian police.  It charged that the two men had been "planning to assassinate HAMAS and Fatah leaders to stir up trouble and provoke fighting" between the fundamentalists and the PLO's main group. 
Danielle Mitterrand, head of the human rights group France Libertes and wife of the French president, on Monday denounced Indonesia's moves to force the Filipino government into forbidding her from attending a banned conference on East Timor.  The Indonesian government had put "tyrannical pressure on us and on the Filipino government to stop me from going to this meeting," Mitterrand told journalists, stressing that this "blackmail" was "endangering civil peace" in the Philippines. 
Leicester City made it third time lucky as they won promotion to the English Premiership by coming from behind to beat favourites Derby County 2-1 at Wembley.  The Foxes had lost the last two Division One play-off finals, to Blackburn Rovers and Swindon Town, and a third defeat looked likely when Tommy Johnson atoned for an earlier miss by putting the Rams ahead with a sweet left-foot shot in the 27th minute. 
Fifty years after the Allied landings rolled back the German occupation of France, a majority of the French believe that the French Resistance and the Allies share the credit equally, an opinion poll said Monday.  The poll published by the daily Le Monde said that 64 percent of the 969 French nationals interviewed believed that the French Resistance and the Allies "contributed equally to the liberation of France." 
Hardline ultra-nationalists screaming "devils" tried to break up a first service at Israel's Holocaust memorial on Monday for the 200,000 homosexuals murdered by the Nazis.  About 100 Israeli and American homosexuals and lesbians gathered in the Memorial Hall at Yad Vashem to hear a recital of the Jewish prayer for the dead or kaddish. 
Bulgarian manager Dimitar Penev announced his 22-man World Cup squad here on Monday:  Goalkeepers: Borislav Mikhailov, Nikolov 
The Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) on Monday decided to ignore a Serbian application to join, although Bosnia has been invited to attend its foreign ministers' conference, the Egyptian news agency MENA said.  Nabil Arabi, Egypt's representative to the United Nations, said during a preliminary meeting that NAM members would not discuss Serbia's request. 
England's embattled rugby union tourists -- beaten three times in four starts -- face a South African second-string line-up at the De Beers stadium here Tuesday.  England's manager Jack Rowell, who has scored as many points for diplomacy off the field on this tour than his players have managed on it, refers to Tuesday's team as "our development side." 
The Palestinians will keep their headquarters and institutions in Jerusalem whatever Israel says, the PLO leader on the occupied West Bank declared defiantly on Monday.  "We will not accept any change in the status quo," Faisal Husseini told a press conference. 
France called Monday for UN sanctions to be applied against North Korea if Pyongyang should prove to have reneged on its committments to give international inspectors full access to a nuclear reactor at Yongbyon.  Foreign ministry spokesman Richard Duque said North Korea would have committed a "grave violation" of its accord with the International Atomic Energy Agency guaranteeing inspectors proper access to the site to check that no nuclear fuel had been diverted from the reactor if it transpired that the Communist state's officials had concealed "certain elements of information." 
Scores of mourners, some carrying flowers, resumed a vigil Monday over the coffin of former East German leader Erich Honecker, who was to be cremated here after a memorial led by his widow and daughter.  The simple gray casket afixed with a metal crucifix has occupied the center of a small room in the chapel of the Chilean capital's General Cemetery since Sunday, the day Honecker died after a long battle with liver cancer. He was 81. 
South African Ernie Els fought a war of nerves as he kept his lead, half-way through the final round of the PGA Championship here on Monday.  Three clear at the start of the final round in the 800,000 event, 24 -year-old Els was caught by Jose Maria Olazabal when the Masters champion sank an 18-foot eagle putt on the long fourth and then birdied the 191-yard fifth. 
Norway coach Egil Olsen announced his 22-man World Cup squad here on Monday:  Goalkeepers: Erik Thorstvedt (Tottenham, England), Frode Grodaas (Lillestroem), Ola By Rise (Rosenborg) 
The UN-controlled Tuzla airport came under heavy shellfire Monday as the UN reported Serb forces counter-attacking in north-central Bosnia in a bid to halt a push westwards by the Moslem-dominated Bosnian army.  A spokesman for the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) contacted by telephone said the airport was hit twice by large calibre shells, though there were no reports of casualties or damage. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin signed a decree on Monday extending a state of emergency to the border area between the breakaway republic of Chechnya and neighbouring Ingushetia.  Chechnya, a tiny Russian republic which declared its independence from Moscow in 1991, warned on Thursday that any such move "will be considered by Chechnya as an act of military aggression." 
A delegation of British Labour MPs held talks here Monday with Vice President Abdel Halim Khaddam on the Middle East peace process, the official Syrian news agency SANA said.  The MPs, led by Mike Watson, also visited the destroyed town of Kuneitra on the Syrian side of the Golan Heights, where Watson condemned Israel's annexation of the bulk of the territory, SANA said. 
A somber President Bill Clinton laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier here Monday as part of Memorial Day ceremonies preceding a trip to Europe to mark the 50th anniversary of D-Day.  In brief remarks, the president noted the sacrifices made by the famous fighters of America's wars and the many remembered only by their families and friends but "whose deeds were the backbone of our nation." 
The Syrians want peace with Israel, Russian envoy Viktor Possovaluk said here Monday after meeting Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.  "My personal feeling, and it's our view as a Russian co-sponsor (of the Middle East peace process), is that the Syrian people and Syrian leadership are interested in achieving peace with Israel," said Possovaluk. 
A team of three European Union ministers began financial talks with senior members of the conflict-wracked Algerian government here Monday.  Belgian Foreign Minister Willy Claes and Greek and German Deputy Foreign Ministers Georges Papandreou and Dieter Kastrup, arrived earlier on a mission to assess the political and economic situation in Algeria, officials said. 
South Africa could become a major international arms dealer earning up to two billion rand (555 million dollars) a year, according to a blueprint released Monday for the country's arms industry.  A report by experts from South Africa's military-industrial complex, ranging from top weapons producer Armscor to President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress, recommended that South Africa in future trade only in conventional weapons. 
Britain's Chris Boardman took full advantage of typically British weather conditions to win the Criterium du Dauphine Libere prologue here on Monday.  The former Olympic pursuit champion and one-hour world record holder, in his first professional season, braved the rain to clock 8min 50.05secs over the 6.7km course, beating GAN teammate Jean-Philippe Dojwa of France (8:51.18) and another Frenchman, Emmanuel Magnien (8:52.68). 
The Paris stock exchange was slightly up Monday in thin trading while London and New York were closed as a result of bank holidays in Britain and the United States.  After finishing the week at its lowest level this year, the CAC 40 index ended the day up 0.09 percent at 2,052.51 points. 
The European Space Agency said Monday it had chosen German astronaut Ulf Merbold for a European-Russian mission, EUROMIR 94, which will be effected in October.  The agency's European flight chief, Belgium's Walter Peeters, said it had chosen between Merbold and the Spaniard Pedro Duque after consultation with its Russian partners. 
The Chadian flag flew over the disputed Aouzou Strip, a tract of mineral-rich desert territory, Monday after Libya officially handed it back after 22 years of occupation and conflict, Chadian radio reported.  The handover took place at Aouzou, the town after which the territory of 114,000 square kilometres (45,600 square miles) in the far north of Chad on the Libyan border is named, the radio said. 
Volkswagen Monday announced the production of its 15th million Golf car.  The first model came off production lines in March 1974. 
The dollar and the German mark remained stable on the money market here Monday, with little trading as markets in London and New York remained closed because of bank holidays.  The dollar ended the day here at 1.6470 German marks compared to 1.6440 at Friday's close, 5.6280 French francs (5.6210) and 104.68 yen (104.40). 
Polish President Lech Walesa said unofficially he would seek a second term of office and run in the 1995 presidential race, his spokesman said Monday.  "I will have to be a starter -- there is no other solution," the spokesman quoted Walesa as saying. 
A newly-formed African Jewish organisation called on the Organisation of African Unity and its member states Monday to normalise relations with Israel.  The call was made in a statement after the inaugural meeting of the African Jewish Congress in Harare, attended by 150 representatives from Jewish communities in Kenya, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Mozambique, Botswana, Namibia and South Africa. 
French intellectuals who decided to stand in European elections on a pro-Moslem Bosnia ticket called off the bid on Monday, giving a potential boost to the lacklustre campaign of opposition Socialist Party leader Michel Rocard.  Philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy's leftish "Europe begins in Sarajevo" list put the war in Bosnia at the centre of the campaign, eclipsing a debate on European construction, threatening to split the socialist vote and forcing the government to defend its policies. 
Some 200 rowdy demonstrators Monday disturbed a public meeting in Hamburg held by the anti-Maastricht "Federation of Free Citizens", leaving several people slightly hurt, police said.  The federation is headed by the German former European Commission official Manfred Brunner, who was one of the speakers at Monday's meeting and is heading his movement's list in the June 12 European elections. 
Jose-Maria Olazabal came from three shots behind to beat South African Ernie Els in the PGA Championship here on Monday.  Els had lead from the first round but the Spansih US Masters champion overtook him at the 17th with a birdie, and repeated his feat at the last hole to finish with a fine 65 to the runner-up's 69. 
Some 200 rowdy demonstrators Monday disturbed a public meeting in Hamburg held by the anti-Maastricht "Federation of Free Citizens", leaving several people slightly hurt, police said.  The federation is headed by the German former European Commission official Manfred Brunner, who was one of the speakers at Monday's meeting and is heading his movement's list in the June 12 European elections. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin Monday extended a state of emergency to disputed border areas of the breakaway republic of Chechnya and neighbouring Ingushetia, to the west.  Chechnya, a tiny Moslem republic which declared its independence from Moscow in October 1991, predicted the move last Thursday, warned that it "will be considered by Chechnya as an act of military aggression," and put its armed forces on alert. 
At least four people were killed and 10 injured when forces opposing Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani fired as many as 131 rockets on Kabul Monday, state-run Radio Kabul said.  The fierce rocketing by the forces of Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and Uzbek warlord general Abdul Rashid Dostam continued for four hours, said the broadcast monitored here. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin arrived Monday in the central Russian republic of Tatarstan to assess the effect of a decentralisation accord struck in February.  Tatar President Mintimer Shaimiyev welcomed Yeltsin at the airport in Naberezhnye Chelny and immediately reaffirmed his support for the principle of "strong republics with a strong centre", referring to the republic's links with Moscow. 
Rival Iraqi Kurdish factions met in Silopi, southeast Turkey, on Monday but failed to agree on an end to their month-long clashes in northern Iraq, Kurdish sources said.  Officials from the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) emerged from the meeting near the Iraqi border, organised by Turkey, without making any comment to journalists. 
A number of pilots and mechanics employed by the French domestic Air Inter airline Monday called a 24-strike for Thursday, but management said all flights would go ahead.  Unions claiming to represent 60 percent of Air Inter's pilots and mechanics called for the June 2 strike to protest the planned deregulation of Europe's airways which they fear will cut jobs. 
Chilean army chief and former president General Augusto Pinochet arrived in Prague on Monday, where he is expected to discuss possible arms deals, CTK agency said.  Pinochet flew in from Amsterdam for a private visit of several days on the invitation of Omnipol, a company specialising in arms exports. 
French President Francois Mitterrand and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl held talks in this eastern French city on Monday focusing on preparations for a European summit and a Group of Seven meeting.  Kohl and Mitterrand are coordinating closely on European issues at the 63rd Franco-German summit as Paris will succeed Bonn as European president following Germany's six-month stint beginning in July. 
Nick Price completed an extraordinary fightback to snatch the Southwestern Bell Colonial title here on Monday, finally killing off Scott Simpson in a sudden-death play-off.  The Zimbabwean birdied the first hole with a ten-foot putt to win the rain-blighted tournament. 
Yves Saint Laurent president Pierre Berge was indicted here on Monday for insider dealing over the sale of 120,000 shares in the luxury goods company worth 17.8 million dollars.  Berge was charged along with former YSL financial director Jean- Francis Bretelle. The two were also accused of breaching a stockbrokers' monopoly on sales of quoted shares by selling them privately to a Swiss company between July and the middle of September, 1992. 
Severiano Ballesteros says he will skip the US open next month if he is not given an automatic place.  The Spaniard had hoped to avoid having to qualify for Oakmont by staying in the top two of Europe's Order of Merit. 
Rwandan rebel and army commanders agreed Monday to allow the evacuation of civilians and to resume UN-brokered ceasefire talks on Thursday.  The accord was announced by the commanders after their first face-to- face meeting at the Amahoro Hotel. 
The candidates of Colombia's two traditional parties sought alliances Monday to win a run-off June 19, putting the left in the best position to gain from the virtual tie in the first round of presidential elections.  Liberal Party candidate Ernesto Samper led Conservative rival Andres Pastrana by the narrowest of margins -- 45.2 percent to 44.9 percent -- with less than three percent of the vote left to be counted. 
Fifth-seed Goran Ivanisevic saved the show at the French Open on blustery but sunny centre-court at the Roland Garros Stadium here on Monday when he surged into the quarter-finals of the men's singles with a four-set victory over Italian Andrea Gaudenzi.  Ivanisevic, the last seeded player still surviving in the bottom-half of the men's draw, saw off the challenge of 34th ranked Italian with a 6-2, 5-7, 6-4, 6-3 victory and now faces Spanish newcomer Alberto Berasategui. 
The shooting of former Nation of Islam spokesman Khallid Abdul Muhammad has put the radical black group back on the front pages despite its repudiation by most mainstream African-Americans.  Muhammad, 43, remained hospitalized at the Riverside Community Hospital Monday after he was shot in a parking lot after a speech at the University of California campus here. His condition was satisfactory on Sunday, but the hospital declined to say more as per his request. 
The Belgian government won "verbal guarantees" from the Cuban authorities Monday that 114 asylum-seeking Cubans who broke into the Belgian ambassador's residency in Havana will not be prosecuted, foreign ministry sources told AFP.  "We have obtained verbal guarantees that the refugees will not be pursued if they leave the amassador's residence," a ministry spokesman said. The ministry was still seeking written guarantees, he added. 
Rwandan rebel and army commanders agreed Monday to allow the evacuation of civilians and to resume UN-brokered ceasefire talks Thursday.  The accord was announced by the commanders after their first face-to- face meeting at the Amahoro Hotel. 
Hungary's Socialist Party (MSZP), armed with an absolute majority in Sunday's general election, now faces weeks of tough negotiation aimed at finding a coalition partner to avoid resurrecting the spectre of its formerly omnipotent communist incarnation.  The MSZP, which will have 209 out of 386 seats in the new parliament, hopes to woo the Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ), which came second in the poll, despite only taking 18.3 percent in the second round of voting after managing 23 percent in the first poll. 
New Zealand drew with Essex at the end of their three day match here on Monday:  New Zealand won toss. First innings 428-5 declared (K R Rutherford 129, B A Young 122, S A Thomson 52 not out). 
Bowling: Ilott 1-0-5-0, Kasprowicz 9-1-40-1, Irani 3-0-11-0, Stephenson 9-1-26-2, Childs 7-3-24-0. 
New Zealand's bowling injury crisis reached desperate proportions on Monday at the end of their drawn match with Essex.  Chris Pringle, who pulled out of three-day match after injuring himself in Saturday's warm-up, may have a ruptured disc in his back and, with the first Test against England only three days away, his tour prospects look bleak. 
Masters champion Jose-Maria Olazabal packed five birdies into the last eight holes for a dramatic 65 and a one-shot victory in the PGA Championship here on Monday.  He pipped South African Ernie Els, who had led since the opening day, and who could only manage a final round 69. 
The UN-controlled Tuzla airport was shelled Monday as the UN reported Serb forces counter-attacking in north-central Bosnia in a bid to halt a push westwards by the Moslem-dominated Bosnian army.  A spokesman for the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) contacted by telephone said the airport was hit twice by large calibre shells, though there were no reports of casualties or damage. 
Southern forces in Yemen have stepped up protection of oil installations in their stronghold of Aden, correspondents said Monday.  The south has deployed surface-to-air missiles around Aden refinery, which has been pumping 140,000 barrels a day despite the war with the north which erupted on May 5. 
Around 2,000 supporters of the Moslem fundamentalist group HAMAS marched through the autonomous enclave of Jericho on Monday, in the first such demonstration since Palestinian self-rule.  Palestinian sources said the marchers, who converged on the town from around the Israeli-occupied West Bank, went on to hold a public meeting in a mosque. 
The Yemeni government on Monday sent envoys to New York to take part in a UN Security Council debate on the country's civil war, the official news agency SABA said.  Abdel Aziz Abdel Ghani, a member of the presidential council, said that he and Justice Minister Abdallah Ahmad Ghanem would "expose the truth of what is happening in Yemen." 
Mexican rebels concluded consultations on a provisional agreement to end their uprising but announced no decision, according to a guerrilla statement released here Monday.  The Zapatista National Liberation Army (EZLN) said its mostly ethnic- Maya fighters and their supporters "had analyzed, discussed and come to a decision" on the federal governement's responses to a package of 34 rebel demands, mainly to improve social and economic conditions in Chiapas, Mexico's poorest state. 
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl Monday gave French President Francois Mitterrand a Claude Monet painting stolen by Nazi troops during World War II, French and German sources said.  The untitled painting, showing the snow-covered Louveciennes road west of Paris dates from the 1870s. It is one of 28 paintings found in former east German museums after the collapse of the Berlin wall. 
World number one batsman Brian Lara earned consolation for failing to equal the world record of six consecutive centuries by making it six out of seven at Lord's on Monday.  The West Indian left-hander hit 22 fours and a huge six on to the roof of the pavilion on the way to 140, his second highest score in his first championship season. 
English county cricket table after Monday's matches (Played, won, lost, drawn, batting, bowling, total points). Last season's final position in brackets (played, won, lost, drawn, batting bonus points, bowling bonus points, points)  Surrey (6)                 5  4  1  0  11    19  94 
Greek Foreign Minister Carolos Papoulias said Monday that Athens would close its border to Albanian migrant workers if bilateral relations continued to deteriorate.  As tension between the two nations increased, Papoulias said (Albanian President Sali) "Berisha should know before firing off impudent accusations against Greece that we provide work for 400,000 Albanians." 
Lindsay Davenport/Lisa Raymond (USA x11) bt Lori McNeil (USA)/Rennae Stubbs (Australia x7) 6-1, 6-3  Julie Halard/Nathalie Tauziat (France x15) bt Manon Bollegraf (Neth)/Martina Navratilova (USA x4) 2-6, 7-6 (7/3), 6-3 
Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati arrived here Monday for a Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) conference, becoming the most senior official from Iran to visit Egypt since 1979.  Velayati declined to comment to reporters on his arrival in Cairo, on the eve of the four-day meeting of NAM foreign ministers. "Next time," he said. 
Second-placed Colin McRae faced a crippling time penalty here on Monday after an extraordinary bust-up with race officials in the Acropolis rally.  The Scot, seven seconds behind leading Subaru teammate Carlos Sainz at the end of the second stage, was being threatened with a 14min 30sec penalty for delaying a special stage start after his windscreen was smashed. 
Olympique Marseille president Bernard Tapie claimed here on Monday he could vouch for the 80 million French Francs (14.2 million dollars) missing from the club's accounts.  Tapie, facing embezzlement charges, was questioned by investigating magistrate Pierre Philippon for more than four hours and said afterwards he could answer for the shortfall. 
Irish opposition deputies Monday denounced the award of Irish nationality to a Saudi couple who invested 1.1 million pounds (1.65 million dollars) in the family firm of Premier Albert Reynolds.  Michael McDowell, of the Progressive Democrats, charged that the couple had bought Irish citizenship in order to conduct business deals in the European Union. He announced he would be tabling a motion in the Dail (parliament) aimed at revoking the move. 
Human rights violations will in future be able to be faxed directly through to the United Nations by victims, their relatives, or non- governmental organisations, following the establishment Monday of a special fax hotline.  The "human rights hotline" will be open around the clock, to enable the United Nations to respond immediately, explained UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Jose Ayala Lasso, who announced the move at his organisation's Geneva headquarters. 
French President Francois Mitterrand and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl Monday held talks in this eastern French city focusing on preparations for a European summit and a Group of Seven meeting.  Kohl and Mitterrand, presiding over the 63rd Franco-German summit, are coordinating closely on European issues with Paris due to succeed Bonn as president of the European Union following Germany's six-month stint beginning in July. 
Bernard-Henri Levy, one of a group of French intellectuals who said they were standing in European elections on a pro-Bosnian ticket, explained that the list had been withdrawn Monday in order not to "divide" supporters of the Bosnian cause by casting for votes.  Speaking on French television, Levy denied members of the list, headed by by professor Leon Schwartzenberg, had performed a volte-face in pulling out of next month's poll. 
The President of Kyrghyzstan, Askar Akayev, will sign up his country on Wednesday to the NATO Partnership for Peace scheme offering non- Alliance members a basis for increased military cooperation, NATO said Monday in a communique.  The former Soviet republic will be the 20th country to sign up for the scheme, put forward at the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation summit in January. 
The German Bundesbank "cannot be satisfied" with a rate of inflation slightly in excess of 3 percent as is currently the case, according to board member Otmar Issing.  Issing made the comment in a speech, issued here, to be pronounced at the Norwegian Society of Financial Analysis in Oslo. 
The Ukrainian parliament Monday postponed for 24 hours a debate, scheduled for Tuesday, on its conflict with the separatist republic of Crimea.  The breakaway republic last month passed a separatist constitution, whose suspension Kiev has demanded. But Crimean authorities had not responded by Monday afternoon to a Ukrainian ultimatum, due to expire Tuesday, to back down. 
Peru's National Police chief has been accused of obstructing justice in connection with a drug case, officials said Monday.  National Police director Victor Alva also stands accused of failure to fulfill his professional duties for allegedly delaying his report on the escape of two police officials suspected of netting millions of dollars from the sale of seized drugs. A date for his trial was not immediately announced. 
The French government is to make a gift of 25 million francs (4.47 million dollars) to help rebuild the Bosnian capital of Sarajevo, the French economy ministry announced here Monday.  The money will be targetted at the restoration of the electricity network around the war-shattered city. The work will be carried out by the French power group EDF. 
Scot Colin McRae was controversially thrown out of the Acropolis rally here on Monday after a bust-up with race officials.  McRae, in second place behind Subaru teammate Carlos Sainz at the end of the second day, was originally threatened with a crippling time penalty of 14min 30sec after blocking a special stage start on purpose after his windscreen was smashed. 
The Uruguayan writer Juan Carlos Onetti, one of Latin America's greatest novelists, died aged 85 of a heart attack in a Madrid clinic, sources close to his family said.  Onetti fled political persecution in Uruguay in 1975 and had lived in the Spanish capital ever since. 
Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati arrived here Monday for a Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) conference, becoming the most senior official from Iran to visit Egypt since 1979.  Velayati declined to comment to reporters on his arrival in Cairo, on the eve of the four-day meeting of NAM foreign ministers. "Next time," he said. 
Industrialized countries have squandered a nearly one-trillion-dollar peace dividend, ignoring pressing social needs and breeding conflict in the developing world, according to a UN report released Wednesday.  "No one knows for sure where the savings from reduced military spending are going," said James Speth, administrator of the United Nations Development Program (UNDP), which issued the report. 
Referees will be on trial almost as much as the players at next month's World Cup.  The men in black will be under extreme pressure because of a controversial new rule that any player who tackles from behind must be sent off. 
Mormon church president Ezra Taft Benson, a former US agriculture secretary, died Monday at the age of 94.  Benson became the 13th president of the religious organization formally known as the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in 1985. 
The state prosecutor in the north-eastern city of Ravenna officially launched an inquiry Monday into the role of four executives of the Mediobanca banking group in a major corruption scandal, judicial sources said.  The bank is suspected of knowing about financial irregularities at Ferruzzi-Montedison, Italy's second largest private industrial group, before mounting a rescue plan in early 1993 to prevent it from going bankrupt. 
Anyone who reckons football is a young man's game will find little evidence to back up his argument at this year's World Cup as a clutch of "golden oldies" return to the sport's biggest stage.  Germany still has nine of the 11 players that won the World Cup in Italy four years ago, including two who have returned from the international wilderness. 
Canada ranks first among industrialized countries for life expectancy, education and buying power in this year's UN index of human development, according to a report published Wednesday.  Barbados led developing countries in the Human Development Index which tracked progress in 173 countries, according to the UN Development Program's (UNDP) study. 
A majority of Quebecers want their predominantly French-speaking province to opt out of Canada, though sovereignty support has slipped, according to a poll published Monday by Le Journal de Montreal.  Asked "Are you for or against sovereignty for Quebec?" some 51.9 percent of those surveyed said yes and 48.1 percent said no, according to the Leger et Leger Intitute poll of 1,001 voters taken May 13-17. 
Representative Dan Rostenkowski said Monday he would fight charges he misused public funds, rather than accept a plea bargain that would end the career of one of Congress' most influential members.  "I am confident that I will be vindicated and I look forward to the return of the gavel," said Rostenkowski, 66, who heads the lower chamber's powerful Ways and Means Committee. 
Leaders of the Croat-Moslem federation of Bosnia-Hercegovina reaffirmed at the opening of parliament Monday their claim for a 58 percent share of the republic's territory.  Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic meanwhile said he was not sure he would travel to Geneva for talks Thursday with international negotiators who are attempting to impose a settlement that would give the federation 51 percent of the territory, with 49 percent going to the republic's separatist Serbs. 
The five permanent Security Council members met but took no action Monday on North Korea amid mounting concerns about Pyongyang's refusal to allow monitoring of the refueling of a nuclear reactor.  Diplomats said Monday's meeting, which followed a similar session Saturday, was suspended after China balked at a resolution that included a call for sanctions against North Korea. 
The new director-general of the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO), Senegal's Jacques Diouf, unveiled plans Monday for a "green revolution" reform to help countries hit by food shortages.  Opening a three-day meeting of FAO's ruling council, Diouf proposed holding a "world food summit" in the Italian capital early 1996 to win high-level support for the campaign against growing food shortages. 
Haiti's army-backed government pledged Monday not to allow the reorganization of the Tonton Macoutes, the feared private militia that kept order through intimidation for decades here.  In a statement issued by information minister Jacques Saint-Louis, the government said the Haitian constitution prohibits any armed organization aside from the army and the police. 
Representative Dan Rostenkowski said Monday he would fight charges he misused public funds rather than accept a plea bargain that would end the career of one of Congress' most influential members.  "I am confident that I will be vindicated and I look forward to the return of the gavel," said Rostenkowski, 66, who heads the lower chamber's powerful Ways and Means Committee. 
The Security Council's 15 members held an emergency meeting Monday to review a draft statement on North Korea's nuclear program, the UN announced.  The meeting came amid mounting concerns about Pyongyang's refueling of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor, from which the United States suspects plutonium may have been diverted for nuclear arms production. North Korea maintains its nuclear program has only peaceful ends. 
European Union ministers making a flying visit to Algeria on Monday urged the country to find a political solution to its violent divisions and backed government efforts at economic reform.  The "troika" -- Belgian Foreign Minister Willy Claes and the Greek and German deputy foreign ministers, Georges Papandreou and Dieter Kastrup -- were due to leave Monday evening after talks with Prime Minister Mokdad Sifi and key economic ministers on possible new credits. 
The Security Council's 15 members held an emergency meeting Monday to review a draft statement on North Korea's nuclear program, the UN announced.  The meeting came amid mounting concerns about Pyongyang's refuelling of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor, from which the United States suspects plutonium may have been diverted for nuclear arms production. 
South Africa must address the huge gap in living standards between blacks and whites if the country hopes to succeed in the post- apartheid era, according to a UN report released Wednesday.  "These are not just two different peoples. These are almost two different continents," said the report issued by the United Nations Development Program (UNDP). 
More than a thousand members of Chile's Communist Party escorted the casket of former East German leader Erich Honecker to the crematorium Sunday after a memorial led by his widow and daughter.  The simple grey casket draped with the flag of the defunct German Democratic Republic was taken from the chapel of the Chilean capital's General Cemetery to the crematorium. 
Yemen on Monday appealed for urgent international aid to help victims of a four-week-old civil war between northern and southern forces, the United Nations representative announced here.  Ouni al-Hani said the sought-after assistance, including tents for an estimated 100,000 persons who have been displaced by the fighting along with medicine and food, would be made available to "all areas of Yemen." 
The Security Council urged North Korea Monday to allow full international inspection of its nuclear facilities but stopped short of threatening sanctions against Pyongyang.  In a consensus statement read by Ibrahim Gambari of Nigeria, the council's current chairman, the 15-member council called for immediate consultations between the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and North Korea about Pyongyang's refuelling of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor. 
Russia's political leaders -- from President Boris Yeltsin to opposition leader Alexander Rutskoi -- are trying to win over dissident writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn, three days after he set foot on Russian soil and ended his 20-year forced exile.  Yeltsin was the first to hold out a hand to the celebrated writer one day after he arrived in the Pacific port city of Vladivostok with a telegram welcoming Solzhenitsyn to his native land. 
Japan's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate edged downward from 2.9 percent in March to 2.8 percent in April, the first fall in three months, the Management and Coordination Agency said Tuesday.  But agency officials, still concerned about the relatively high jobless rate by Japanese standards, said the marginal fall was not necessarily a sign of overall economic recovery. 
The Security Council urged North Korea Monday to allow full international inspection of its nuclear facilities but stopped short of threatening sanctions against Pyongyang.  In a consensus statement read by Ibrahim Gambari of Nigeria, the council's current chairman, the 15-member council called for immediate consultations between the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and North Korea about Pyongyang's refuelling of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor. 
Gulf Arab states have ignored Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh and voiced support for a UN initiative to halt the north-south civil war in Yemen.  The UN Security Council was set Tuesday to debate efforts to secure a ceasefire, in spite of Saleh who has insisted since the war erupted on May 5 that it was an internal matter and opposed outside interference. 
A 49-year-old Sydney man was charged Tuesday with Australia's seven backpacker murders.  Roadworker Ivan Robert Milat also faced one charge of attempted murder and six firearms and weapons charges. 
Police continued Monday to seal off an area around the Belgian ambassador's residence where 113 asylum-seekers have been holed up since Saturday, while ambassadors from eight European Union countries met to discuss the situation.  The EU ambassadors met at the Greek ambassador's residence for about two hours, but made no comment on the matter. 
The Security Council called on North Korea Monday to allow full international inspection of its nuclear facilities but stopped short of threatening sanctions against Pyongyang.  In a consensus statement read by Ibrahim Gambari of Nigeria, the council's current chairman, the 15-member council called for immediate consultations between the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and North Korea about Pyongyang's refuelling of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor. 
The Non-Aligned Movement (NAM), which is to meet here Tuesday to find its next leader and a new direction amid the wars raging in developing countries, has decided to welcome South Africa but keep out Serbia.  A preliminary meeting of experts approved an application from Pretoria, following the scrapping of apartheid and its first all-race elections last month. 
China is one of the biggest arms exporters to the developing world and continues to spend billions on weapons despite its own pressing social needs, according to a report published Wednesday.  "The arms business is one of the most reprehensible sectors of international trade," said the Human Development Report 1994 prepared for the UN Development Program. 
Unemployment and immigration are key issues for voters in the 12-nation European Union who go to the polls on June 9 and 12 to choose a new five-year European parliament.  Unemployment is high and growing. The welfare state has become too expensive and inefficient. A rising clamour against immigration is feeding a streak of right-wing xenophobia just as eastern Europe applies to join the EU. 
Police charged a 49-year-old roadworker Tuesday with Australia's seven backpacker serial murders.  Ivan Robert Milat also faced one charge of attempted murder and six firearms and weapons charges. 
The Niger government will return to talks with the armed Tuareg opposition in two weeks, spokesman Moctar Diallo said late Monday, several days after fresh rebel attacks.  The talks, to be held in Paris from June 14 to 17, will be under the auspices of a mediation "troika" of France, Algeria and Burkino-Faso, he said. 
The US and South Korean presidents agreed Tuesday that their two countries must close ranks to cope with North Korea's nuclear standoff, which had reached a "very dangerous point," a government spokesman said.  "The two presidents agreed the North Korean nuclear issue has reached a very dangerous point and that it is very important for the US and South Korea to cooperate closely to face it squarely," spokesman Chu Don-Shik said. 
Nigeria's constitutional conference, scheduled to start June 27 to debate the future of the country, may be dominated by former ministers, governors and prominent citizens according to a published list of those elected on Saturday to attend the gathering.  A total of 273 delegates is expected to emerge from the election. The government will nominate another 96 other delegates, bringing the total number to 369. 
Iraqi President Saddam Hussein has instructed his ministers to show up for work at eight in the morning, warning that legitimate illness is the only excuse for staying away from the job.  Saddam issued the directive as he chaired the first session of his new cabinet on Monday, the Iraqi News Agency reported in a dispatch received here. 
The Philippine Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the government to allow a private human rights conference on human rights abuses in East Timor to go ahead, overturning a lower court ban, officials said.  A Supreme Court resolution ordered the lower court to "cease and desist from enforcing or implementing" its order to ban the conference, which has sparked threats of retaliation from Indonesia. 
The Philippine Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the government to allow a private conference on human rights abuses in East Timor to go ahead, striking down a lower court ban, officials said.  The high courty ordered the lower court to "cease and desist from enforcing or implementing" its order to ban the conference, which has sparked threats of retaliation from Indonesia. Jakarta annexed the former Portuguese territory in 1976. 
Thai police who raided a sweatshop in a Bangkok suburb found 32 women and girls held prisoner, some of whom said they had been locked away for four years, an investigative officer said Tuesday.  Nine Thai and 23 ethnic Karen girls, ranging in age from 14 to 35, told police they had been made to work 16 hours a day sewing jeans in the remote district of Chom Thong for no pay, the officer said. 
New Zealand will produce a 422 million dollar (248 million US) budget surplus during the the current fiscal year, the Treasury announced in a statement here Tuesday.  If the prediction becomes reality it would be the first budget surplus since the 1970s. 
The Chinese government is to invest 1.9 billion yuan (219 million dollars) in its agricultural development programme this year, up by 200 million yuan over 1993, the China Daily said Monday.  Comprehensive agricultural development programme official Wang Xinjian said the funds would be used for development of crops, including grain and cotton, as well as be invested in forestry, animal husbandary, side-line production and fishery projects. 
Japan's Mazda Motor Corp. and Ford Motor Co. of the United States will agree to jointly develop subcompact cars for the worldwide market, a Japanese business daily reported Tuesday.  Mazda and Ford, which is the biggest shareholder of the Japanese carmaker, are expected to reach basic agreements on the project in June and start development by December, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun said. 
China is to launch a nationwide campaign in July to crack down on the burgeoning trade in fake police uniforms and insignia, used by criminals posing as officers in fraud scams, the China Daily said Monday.  According to a public security ministry circular issued recently to nationwide branches, all illegal producers and traders of such goods will be punished, while those using them to defraud people in the name of the police will face severe penalties, the report said. 
South Korea put its entire armed forces and police on "heightened" alert Tuesday on the eve of President Kim Young-Sam's departure for a week-long state visit to Russia, military authorities said.  "All troops have been ordered to heighten vilgilance and intensify surveillance of North Korea's military movements," a Defense Ministry spokesman told AFP. 
Two different rebel groups ambushed an army patrol and a police station in northeastern Antioquia department Monday killing two soldiers and one police officer, military spokesmen said.  A female guerrilla perished in the attack on the police station, they added. 
Japan's housing starts in April jumped 11.6 percent from a year earlier to 135,810 units after edging down 0.7 percent in March, the Construction Ministry said Tuesday. 
Northern and Southern Yemeni troops on Tuesday exchanged sporadic artillery fire around this southern city, an AFP correspondent reported.  The fighting was mainly at the Al-Anad front, 60 kilometers (36 miles) north of Aden and Abyan 35 kilometers (21 miles) east of the city. 
Police on Tuesday charged roadworker Ivan Robert Milat, 49, with Australia's seven backpacker murders, five of them of foreign tourists on hitchiking holidays.  Milat, arrested at his home nine days ago, was charged with the murders after police found firing mechanisms from a Ruger rifle inside the wall cavity of the house, a packed court was told here. 
An 11-year-old boy, three women and a man drowned as strong undercurrents plagued beaches in northeastern Florida during the Memorial Day holiday, authorities said.  Six other people were taken to area hospitals where one woman was in serious condition and a man was in stable condition. The other four were released, fire and rescue Chief Michael Green said Monday. 
South Korea put its entire armed forces and police on "heightened" alert Tuesday on the eve of President Kim Young-Sam's departure for a week-long state visit to Russia, military authorities said.  "All troops have been ordered to heighten vigilance and intensify surveillance of North Korea's military movements," a Defense Ministry spokesman told AFP. 
Japanese Trade Minister Eijiro Hata on Tuesday renewed his opposition to setting numerical targets in trade with the United States, saying they would not provide "a practical resolution" to trade framework talks.  Hata told reporters Japan could not accept any proposals to set numerical targets, which Tokyo fears would lead to managed trade. 
Gross domestic production (GDP) in Finland went up in March 2.5 percent compared with March previous year, the Central Statistical Office said Tuesday.  In February GDP grew 0.6 percent. 
Some 50 people were hurt late Monday when police dispersed some 400 marchers demanding public housing in the eastern part of the capital, the privately-run Televisa television station said.  Around 500 police officers were involved in the scuffle in which 40 marchers and 10 officers were injured, the report said. 
Japan's leading index of economic indicators surged to 90.0 points in March, rising above the boom-or-bust line of 50 points for three months in a row, the economic planning agency said Tuesday.  The index, foreshadowing future trends in the economy, had risen to a revised 54.2 percent in February following 63.6 points in January when the indicator rose above 50 for the first time in eight months. 
By-elections to six provincial seats in Uttar Pradesh, India's most populous state, and a sole constituency in northern Punjab state began Tuesday amid tight security, the Press Trust of India said.  More than 74 battalions of paramilitary troops and police guarded about 2,000 polling centres in Uttar Pradesh as thousands of the estimated 1.2 million voters trickled in from 7.00 a.m. (0130 GMT), state officials said. 
A military tribunal judge has warned that Israel's demand that Palestinian prisoners pledge support for autonomy before being released is "deliberately anti-democratic".  Judge Shlomo Isaacson gave the ruling in the case of Walid el-Rol, a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine who refused to sign part of the pledge and remained in jail. 
Baron Marcel Bich, the founder of the Bic empire of pens and disposable razors, has died, his family said on Tuesday. He was 79.  The industrialist was born on July 29 1914 in Turin, northern Italy. He founded the Bic company in 1950, producing disposable pens and later razors and other disposable objects. 
A bomb caused major damage overnight to a local government office in Bastia, on the French Mediterranean island of Corsica, police said Tuesday.  Nobody was hurt in the blast. 
Six people, including a policeman and a prison warder, have appeared before a court here in connection the kidnap-murder of a Chinese businessman, legal sources said Tuesday.  They said no formal charges were laid against the men, who include a Chinese restaurateur and a Taiwan businessman, and they were not asked to plead in connection with the the abduction and killing of Michael Shen, 44, a shark fin exporter. 
A young gray whale who entered the San Francisco Bay waterways over the weekend and defied attempts to herd it back to sea, died at the bottom of a muddy creek late Monday, volunteers said.  "It was deep enough water for it to swim, then it dove and it didn't come up again," said Denize Springer, a spokeswoman for the Marine Mammal Center. 
This year's Argentine Grand Prix, already put back to October to give organisers time to carry out renovations, has finally been cancelled.  The race will now be included in the 1995 world formula one championship next March, race promoter Marcos Gastaldi said. 
Japan's housing starts in April jumped 11.6 percent from a year earlier to 135,810 units after edging down 0.7 percent in March, the Construction Ministry said Tuesday.  The increase marked a recovery from the March decline, the first in 22 months. 
For four weeks as spring turned to summer last year, Australia watched in horror while police unearthed more and more bodies from shallow graves in woodland south of here.  The Belanglo state forest 100 kilometres (60 miles) from Sydney had become a serial killer's graveyard and focal point of the biggest investigation in Australian criminal history -- the hunt for the backpacker murderer. 
Taiwan's parliament has approved a stringent budget for fiscal 1995 beginning July 1 with a 3.34 percent drop in value from the current fiscal year, parliamentary officials said Tuesday.  The parliament, or Legislative Yuan, on Monday finished the third reading of the 1,029.2 billion Taiwan dollar (38.05 billion US) budget, after slashing 22.6 billion Taiwan dollars, or 2.15 percent, from what cabinet had initially proposed, the officials said. 
An international conference on alleged Indonesian military abuses in East Timor opened in the Philippines on Tuesday with approval from the Supreme Court, dealing a blow to President Fidel Ramos' efforts to appease Jakarta.  The Supreme Court temporarily suspended a lower court ban on the four- day gathering which was imposed last week in support of a Ramos ally's contention that the private meeting would cause "irreparable harm" to Philippine-Indonesian relations. 
An angry Prince Norodom Ranariddh, the Cambodian co-premier, returned here Tuesday from peace talks with the Khmer Rouge in North Korea and blasted the rebel faction for sinking the peace process.  "In Pyongyang the Khmer Rouge has clearly shown that they want ... to resolve the remaining problems through war," Prince Ranariddh told reporters at Phnom Penh airport after his arrival from the North Korean capital. 
Five years after the tanks rolled into Tiananmen Square, China's dissident movement has once again been reduced to a neutered, disparate front -- its leaders muzzled, imprisoned or exiled to the provinces and abroad.  A phoenix-like resurgence at the end of last year, when petitions and open letters challenging the government began to flow thick and fast, has been all but stamped out by a regime just as bent on self- preservation as that which sent in the troops and tanks on June 4, 1989. 
British ambassador to China Sir Robin McLaren said Tuesday that negotiations with Beijing on financing Hong Kong's multi-billion dollar new airport could be resolved soon.  McLaren, who arrived here Tuesday for a short visit in which he is expected to meet Governor Chris Patten and other government officials, told reporters that he was optimistic talks with China on financing the 20.3 billion US dollar airport "will be resolved before I leave" in July. 
Opinions differ greatly, both in Japan and in the United States, about whether the Japanese emperor Akihito should go to Pearl Harbor during his visit to the United States, according to polls conducted in both countries.  A visit by emperor Akihito and empress Michiko to Pearl Harbor, site of Japan's surprise attack on a US fleet in 1941 which brought the United States into World War II, was formally dropped Friday from the upcoming June 10 to 26 tour under growing conservative pressure. 
Australian police Tuesday charged roadworker Ivan Milat with the murders of seven backpackers, five of them foreigners, whose bodies were found in a dense forest with multiple knife or bullet wounds.  The remains of two Britons, three Germans and two Australians were discovered in shallow graves in a forest south of here between September 1992 and November 1993. 
Russia will go to the World Cup without nine of their best players who have refused a final offer from national coach Pavel Sadyrin.  His squad for USA 94 named on Tuesday failed to include the likes of Igor Shalimov of Inter Milan and Andrei Kanchelskis of Manchester United who wanted Sadyrin replaced and bigger bonuses. 
A safety official Tuesday slammed the behaviour of a Norwegian tourist who for the second time has sparked a major search and rescue operation by going missing in a rugged area in southwestern New Zealand.  A 30-person search and rescue squad was combing a 320-square-kilometre (128-square-mile) area of Fiordland for Rebecca Fuchs. 
The ruble fell eight points Tuesday and was quoted at 1,916 to the US dollar during trading on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange.  Volume of trade totalled 22.30 million dollars with demand for dollars at 73.15 million dollars exceeding offers at 66.3 million dollars. 
A Russian border guard was shot dead by unknown attackers on his way to his office Tuesday in the Tajikistan capital Dushanbe, border guard headquarters said in a report quoted by the ITAR-TASS news agency.  The officer was a lieutenant-colonel, the report said. 
Japan Airlines (JAL) Ltd. said Tuesday its pre-tax loss expanded to 26.2 billion yen (254 million dollars) in the year to March from a 53.8 billion yen loss the previous year. 
US and South Korean presidents agreed Tuesday that the two countries must close ranks to end North Korea's nuclear standoff as news reports said Seoul could push for sanctions against Pyongyang outside the United Nations.  "The two presidents agreed the North Korean nuclear issue has reached a very dangerous point and that it is very important for the US and South Korea to cooperate closely to face it squarely," spokesman Chu Don-Shik said. 
Japan, preparing to reopen tough trade talks with the United States, turned the tables on its major trading partners Tuesday by declaring "all are sinners" for employing unfair trade policies.  In an official report, the ministry of international trade and industry accused the United States of continuing to use "unilateral measures" to settle trade disputes. 
Vietnamese vice-prime minister Tran Duc Luong has made a fresh appeal for normalisation of relations with Washington following a 10-day semi-official visit to the United States.  Luong led a team of senior officials and businessmen to the United States from May 18-28, the most high-powered mission since the end of the Vietnam war. 
Japan's Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. on Tuesday announced its group pre-tax loss of 202.4 billion yen (two billion dollars) in the year to March, from a 108.1 billion yen loss the previous year. 
Applications by South Korean firms seeking to make direct overseas investments from January to April doubled compared to the first four months of 1993, the central Bank of Korea (BOK) said Tuesday.  South Korea approved 589 projects valued at 1.117 billion dollars to domestic firms for the first four months to April, up 108.9 percent in volume from the 282 projects worth 527 million dollars over the same period last year. 
Japan may set a block on bank transfers and exports to North Korea if the UN Security Council decides to impose sanctions against the renegade Stalinist state, press reports said Tuesday.  The 15-member Security Council on Monday issued a new condemnation of North Korea's nuclear policy, but stopped short of making a threat against Pyongyang. 
More than 15 percent of the joint ventures launched since Vietnam opened its economy to outside investment in 1987 have failed or are on the brink of bankruptcy, according to official statistics published here Tuesday.  The army daily Quan Doi Nhan Dan complained that the failure rate is twice that of other countries in the region. 
Colin McRae could face an international ban after his run-in with Greek officials here led to him being thrown out of the Acropolis Rally.  The Automobile and Touring Club of Greece's Board of Stewards has reported the Scot to the Royal Automobile Club and the International Automobile Federation for unsporting conduct. 
Baron Marcel Bich, the founder of the Bic empire of pens and disposable razors, has died, his family said on Tuesday. He was 79.  They said the industrialist died Monday but did not immediately state the cause of death. 
North Korean troops on Monday removed their equipment from the Military Armistice Commission (MAC) hall in the border truce village of Panmunjom, South Korean Defence Ministry officials said Tuesday.  The officials said the border guards stripped microphones and speakers from their side of the hall, which has been used to supervise the truce between the two Koreas since the MAC was signed after the devastating 1950-53 Korean War. 
North Korean troops on Monday removed their equipment from the Military Armistice Commission (MAC) hall in the border truce village of Panmunjom, South Korean Defence Ministry officials said Tuesday.  The officials said the border guards stripped microphones and speakers from their side of the hall, which has been used to supervise the truce between the two Koreas since the MAC was signed after the devastating 1950-53 Korean War. 
Mary Pierce, who plays Austria's Petra Ritter for a place in the women's singles semi-finals at the French Open here today, will become the first French player to enter the world's 'top-ten' since 1976 when the new rankings are published next week.  The last French player to do so was Francoise Durr who became the world number-nine in 1975 
American teenager Michael Fay caned for vandalising cars has lost weight but is physically well and exercising in his prison cell, his mother said Tuesday.  "His physical condition seems good. He is exercising up to 300 sit-ups a day. He looks good, but has lost weight," said Randy Chan after visiting her son at Queenstown Remand Prison. 
Eleven homes belonging to Gypsies were set on fire by villagers in northern Romania following the murder of a 69-year-old Romanian shepherd by two Gypsies, police said Tuesday.  They said the villagers torched the houses Sunday evening after the victim, Toma Craciun, was buried. His two assailants allegedly killed him after stealing about 60 of his sheep. 
The British narrowly-defined M0 money supply rose by 0.2 percent in May from April and by 7.1 percent in May year on year, the Bank of England announced on Tuesday on the basis of provisional figures.  M0 consists of coins, banknotes and bank deposits with the Bank of England. 
Malawi's new president, Bakili Muluzi, left here Tuesday for neighbouring Mozambique in the first leg of a five-nation tour of southern African countries.  Muluzi, making his first trip outside the country since his inauguration 10 days ago, flew in a private BAE 125 aircraft often used by former president Kamuzu Banda. 
Units of the Russian Pacific fleet based on the Kamchtka peninsula in far east Russia have begun mining the area surrounding their munitions depots, ITAR-TASS news agency reported Tuesday.  The agency, quoting the fleet's information service, said the move had been taken to combat an increasing number of attempted thefts of weapons. It said warning notices would be put up in the mined areas. 
Swedish customs on Tuesday said it was tightening border checks because two kilos (4.4 pounds) of enriched uranium, which have gone missing in Russia, could be smuggled to the west via Sweden or Germany.  Peter Olsson, director of the customs intelligence service, said on Swedish radio that it was first time there had been a risk of uranium being smuggled out of the former Soviet Union to the west. 
NATO Secretary-General Manfred Woerner, who is recovering from cancer, will not chair a meeting of the western alliance's foreign ministers in Istanbul on June 9 and 10, Woerner said on Tuesday.  In a letter released by the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation here, Woerner said his doctors had warned him against interrupting his convalescence in Germany "at this very critical phase of my recovery." 
Mitsubishi Corp. plans to issue some 200 billion yen (1.92 billion dollars) next year in five-year straight bonds, the largest single bond issue of this kind ever to hit the Japanese domestic market, a company official said Tuesday.  Five-year straight bonds in Japan were first allowed in November last year. So far Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s 150 billion yen (1.4 billion dollars) bond has been the biggest one, according to the Nihon Keizai Shimbun. 
North Korean troops on Monday removed their equipment from the Military Armistice Commission (MAC) hall in the border truce village of Panmunjom, South Korean Defence Ministry officials said Tuesday.  The officials said the border guards stripped microphones and speakers from their side of the hall, which has been used to supervise the truce between the two Koreas since the MAC was signed after the devastating 1950-53 Korean War. 
The Russian parliament was to examine Tuesday a presidential decree that widens a state of emergency in the embattled Caucasus to encompass regions considered by the rebel republic of Chechnya as its territory, ITAR-TASS reported.  The upper house of parliament, the Federation Council, was to debate the President Boris Yeltsin's order declaring a state of emergency on the region of Sunja and imposing direct Moscow rule on the region of Malgobek. 
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak urged the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) to revise its aims to fit the "new world order" as he opened its 11th foreign ministers' conference here on Tuesday.  "Let us agree in this conference to set a new schedule for our movement to direct our efforts ...  so that we do not lose our past, but live our present and look to our futures," Mubarak told the opening ceremony. 
Taiwan deputies punched and kicked each other Tuesday as they fought over whether the National Assembly had a quorum to debate constitutional reforms.  The assembly has been desperately trying to clean up its act and put an end to frequent brawls which have marred its legislative image, angered the public and focussed international media attention on its affairs. 
Southern Yemeni forces are bombarding northern troops in the blinding heat of this sandswept plain in a bid to block their advance on Aden.  An AFP reporter who visited the front line about 25 kilometres (15 miles) east of Aden on Monday saw artillery shells crashing near a line of northern Soviet-built, T-55 tanks. 
An angry co-premier Prince Norodom Ranariddh arrived here Tuesday from peace talks with the Khmer Rouge in North Korea, and blasted the rebel faction for sinking the Cambodian peace process.  "In Pyongyang the Khmer Rouge has clearly shown that they want ... to resolve the remaining problems through war," Prince Ranariddh told reporters at Phnom Penh airport after his arrival from Pyongyang. 
Japan Airlines (JAL) Ltd., Tuesday announced a pre-tax loss of 26.2 billion yen (254 million dollars) in the year to March, narrowing the previous year's loss of 53.8 billion yen.  The nation's leading airliner said revenue fell five percent to 982.3 billion yen, depressed by price competition on international fights and a further decline of business travel amid slumps in the Japanese and European economies. 
The opposition Democratic Revolution Party (PRD) said that some four million names have been erased from the voter lists needed for the August presidential polls.  PRD official Samuel del Villar said in a televised debate late Monday that two separate voter lists had been drawn up, and orders had been issued to have them both destroyed to hide any evidence of tampering. 
South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo hinted Tuesday that Seoul could seek sanctions against Pyongyang outside the United Nations framework if China used its veto right in favor of the North.  Meanwhile, local press reports quoted an unidentified Seoul official as saying North Korea had removed 60 percent of the spent fuel rods from a five megatwatt reactor in Yongbyon, 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Pyongyang. 
The Indonesian government had little immediate reaction to a Philippine Supreme Court ruling allowing an East Timor conference outside Manila to proceed, saying it would wait "to evaluate the result of the conference itself."  "If that is what the supreme court has ruled, then the conference is going to start, but we understand that the foreigners are still banned ... that is the most important point for Indonesia," Foreign Ministry spokesman Irawan Abidin told AFP. 
French Defence Minister Francois Leotard was cleared of corruption on Tuesday in the case of a 250,000 franc (41,000 dollars) wall he had built at his home at Frejus, on the French Riviera.  An appeal court here ruled there was no case to answer and that a judicial probe had failed to turn up sufficient evidence of passive corruption against the minister. 
Russia's special envoy to ex-Yugoslavia Vitaly Churkin headed to Belgrade Tuesday in a new bid to restart peace talks prior to negotiations set to resume this week in Geneva, the Russian embassy here announced.  Churkin is expected to return to Zagreb later in the day to meet with Croatian President Franjo Tudjman, presidential spokesperson Vesna Skare-Ozbolt said. 
French President Francois Mitterrand and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl were joined by French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur for a second day of talks in this eastern city Tuesday.  Kohl and Mitterrand are presiding over this 63rd Franco-German summit aimed at coordinating their stand on European issues. Bonn takes over the six-month rotating European Union (EU) presidency from Greece in July, with France next in line for next winter. 
Amnesty International on Tuesday called on the Chinese government to release "thousands" of prisoners who it said remain in jail after the crushing of the 1989 Chinese pro-democracy movement.  In a report marking the fifth anniversary this Saturday of the Tiananmen Square massacre, the London-based human rights organisation said: "Despite China's rapid economic changes that have increased freedoms and relaxed social controls, there has been no fundamental change in the government's human rights policy." 
North Korean troops on Monday removed their equipment from the Military Armistice Commission (MAC) hall in the border truce village of Panmunjom, South Korean Defence Ministry officials said Tuesday.  The border guards stripped microphones and speakers from their side of the hall, which has been used to supervise the truce between the two Koreas since the MAC was signed after the devastating 1950-53 Korean War, they said. 
Japan's All Nippon Airways (ANA) Co. Ltd., said Tuesday pre-tax earnings collapsed 82.1 percent from a year earlier to 2.84 billion yen (27 million dollars) in the year to March.  The nation's major airliner said revenue fell 4.2 percent to 774.8 billion yen with a net loss of 2.91 billion yen, reversing a net profit of 2.4 billion yen the previous year. 
Two out of three Germans consider it positive that Germany lost World War II and believe Nazi thinking was "wrong and bad", but one in four regards Nazi ideas as having been "not so bad".  These are among the findings of a wide-ranging survey of the opinions of 1,114 citizens from western and eastern Germany questioned May 16 and May 19 by the FORSA institute on behalf of the weekly publication Die Woche. 
Restrictions imposed on the activities of foreign banks operating in Russia should be lifted by Wednesay of next week, the head of Russia's Central Bank, Viktor Guerachtchenko, said Tuesday.  "Pressure has come from several countries and also from Russian commercial banks which, in their attempt to open subsidiaries overseas, felt like they were running against a wall," Guerachtchenko said. 
A UN team left the embattled Rwandan capital Kigali Tuesday for the town of Kabgayi to investigate reports that 500 people were massacred there in a new atrocity in the country's bloodbath, a UN official said.  "We are appalled to have received a report from aid agencies that 500 people were massacred at Kabyagi three days ago," UN military spokesman Major Jean-Guy Plante said. "We are trying to verify those reports." 
Cagliari club president Massimo Cellino, head of a cereal trader, was charged with embezzling 24 billion lira (15 million dollars) from the European Union, a court source said Tuesday.  Cellino, 38, was accused of making illegal claims for semolina exports to non-European Union countries, mainly to Algeria. 
Mitsubishi Corp. plans to issue some 200 billion yen (1.92 billion dollars) next month in five-year straight bonds, the largest single bond issue of this kind ever to hit the Japanese domestic market, a company official said Tuesday.  Five-year straight bonds in Japan were first allowed in November last year. So far Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s 150 billion yen (1.4 billion dollars) bond has been the biggest one, according to the Nihon Keizai Shimbun. 
Libya rejects the secession by southern Yemen and will oppose any plans to send UN troops to keep the warring sides apart, a parliamentary leader said here Tuesday.  "There exists only one state in Yemen, the republic of Yemen (which merged north and south in 1990) and nobody has the right to interfere in its internal affairs," parliament's foreign affairs secretary, Saad Mujber, told AFP. 
Security forces have smashed a major international drug ring in central Iran, arresting 15 traffickers, the official news agency IRNA reported Tuesday.  Some 190 kilograms (418 pounds) of morphine were also seized in the operation launched recently in Tehran province, it said. 
Labor Minister Kunio Hatoyama is the richest member of Japan's cabinet, while Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata ranks 12th in personal wealth among his 21 coalition colleagues, figures released Tuesday showed.  Hatoyama, the 45-year-old son of late foreign minister Iichiro Hatoyama and a grandson of a former prime minister, reported personal assets valued at 2.078 billion yen (19.8 million dollars). 
A UN team left the embattled Rwandan capital Kigali Tuesday for the town of Kabgayi to investigate reports that 500 people were massacred there in a new atrocity in the country's bloodbath, a UN official said.  "We are appalled to have received a report from aid agencies that 500 people were massacred at Kabgayi three days ago," UN military spokesman Major Jean-Guy Plante said. "We are trying to verify those reports." 
Around 4,000 people have died and hundreds have been wounded in fighting between rival Kurdish factions in northern Iraq this month, the official Iranian news agency IRNA said Tuesday.  IRNA said clashes which erupted since early May between the two main factions in northern Iraq, the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), was "the worst of its kind since the Kurdish uprising" against the Baghdad regime in 1991. 
Share prices slumped lower here on Tuesday after the long-weekend, falling on fears of rising interest rates and as both the futures and gilts markets tumbled, dealers said.  By midmorning, the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares had fallen 35.4 points  to 2931.3 -- down 1.2 percent, after opening 10 points higher. In Paris, the CAC 40 index was down 1.47 percent to 2,022.44 points. 
Brazil has signed the Tlatelolco Treaty banning nuclear weapons from Latin America, the Mexican foreign ministry said.  "Brazil's adherence to the Tlatelolco Treaty asserts the importance of that pioneer legal instrument that had the honor of establishing the first nuclear-free zone in a densely populated region," comprising 450 million people, Foreign Minister, Manuel Tello, said after the ceremony Monday. 
Nine Japanese warships left Tuesday to participate in the RIMPAC military drills to be held in the south Pacific Ocean amid increasing tension on the Korean peninsula, officials said.  The vessels of the Maritime Self-Defense Force left Yokosuka port, southwest of Tokyo, and headed for waters around Hawaii to join warships from the United States, Canada, Australia and South Korea, the defense officials said. 
Restrictions on the activities of foreign banks operating in Russia should be lifted by Wednesay next week, the head of Russia's Central Bank, Viktor Guerashchenko, said Tuesday.  "Pressure has come from several countries and also from Russian commercial banks which, in their attempt to open subsidiaries overseas, felt like they were running up against a wall," Guerashchenko said. 
Malawi's new government led by President Bakili Muluzi will institute a commission of inquiry into the mysterious deaths of four cabinet ministers during the former government's rule 11 years ago.  Home Affairs Minister Peter Fachi told AFP the decision to open an inquiry has already been made and said Muluzi will name the members of the commission on his return from a three-day foreign trip which began Tuesday. 
Vietnamese Communist Party secretary-general Do Muoi has sent a message of sympathy to the widow of former East German head of state Erich Honecker, who died in Chile on Sunday, it was reported Tuesday.  The army newspaper Quan Doi Nhan said in an editorial that Honecker had devoted his life to the struggle for the aims and interests of the masses. He held an "affectionate place" in the hearts of the Vietnamese people, said the paper, the only one to comment on his death. 
Northern forces have opened two new fronts in their four-week war to capture the key southern city of Aden, with fierce fighting around villages northwest of here, a military spokesman and correspondents said Tuesday.  "The northerners have concentrated their troops and are indiscriminately shelling schools and public buildings in the villages" 105 kilometers (62 miles) to the northwest in Lahij province, the spokesman said. 
The Channel tunnel is expected to lure more than 25 percent of passengers away from airlines flying the Paris to London route, the head of the Paris airports' authority said Tuesday.  In an interview with the Tribune Desfosses newspaper, Jean Fleury said he expected airlines to lose 1.1 million of their current 3.6 million passengers now flying between London and Paris. 
Russia's rebel republic of Chechnya vowed Tuesday to rebuff any attempt by Moscow to use troops to enforce a decree by President Boris Yeltsin taking over two Caucasus regions Chechnya considers part of its territory.  Chechen Foreign Minister Shamseddin Yussef was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying that the republic's leadership "will take adequate measures to repell any aggression from Russian troops." 
Peace talks with Syria are blocked and US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is thus unlikely to visit the region as expected in early June, Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Tuesday.  "The negotiations with Syria are totally frozen because they want a commitment for a total withdrawal from the Golan which I am not prepared to give them," state radio quoted Rabin as saying. 
A Senegalese UN soldier was killed by shrapnel when a shell landed close to his car in central Kigali on Tuesday, a UN military officer said.  The soldier was killed near a checkpoint, manned by government forces, by a shell believed to have been fired by the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front, said UN force deputy commander Brigadier Henry Anyidoho. 
Maverick politician and self-made millionaire Bernard Tapie won a respite from the taxman on Tuesday but it was little in comparison with the sea of troubles faced by the 51-year-old, under increasing pressure from his creditors and in the courts.  Tapie was granted a three-year respite to pay 70 million francs (12 million dollars) in back taxes owed by his football club, Olympique Marseille. 
A man in a wheelchair armed only with a kitchen knife held up a southern French bank but threw the loot to the winds while trying to make a getaway, police said on Tuesday.  The man, physically handicapped and aged 24, parked his wheelchair outside the bank in a town off the Mediterranean coast and dragged himself painfully inside where he threatened a clerk with the knife. 
France's Mary Pierce continued her charge towards a showdown with defending champion and world number-one Steffi Graf at the French Open here on Tuesday when she destroyed Austrian Petra Ritter 6-0, 6-2 in just 57 minutes on the new Roland Garros 'A' show-court to reach the semi-finals of the women's singles..  The 19-year-old Pierce has so far conceded only six games since the Championships began nine days ago. 
Swiss Finance Minister Otto Stich told parliament Tuesday he was budgeting for a record 8.6 billion francs (about six billion dollars) for 1995.  Reform of federal finance has become the government's main concern, he added. 
The number of people registered as unemployed increased by 0.1 percent in April, bringing their total number to 3,325,800 in seasonally- adjusted figures, according to labour ministry figures released Tuesday.  The unemployment rate was 12.3 percent of the working population. 
Defending champion Steffi Graf reached the semi-finals of the women's singles at the French open Tuesday when she defeated Ines Gorrochategui of Argentina 6-4, 6-1.  Graf, who is chasing her fourth French title and fifth consecutive Grand Slam tournament win, completed her victory in just 66 mins on a sun-baked Roland Garros centre-court. 
Olympique Marseille presented a rescue package to the French league here Tuesday in a bid to ward off any further sanctions.  The club's financial director Alain Laroche told the league's financial watchdog, the DNCG, a Canadian mining firm was ready to put 70 million francs (10 million dollars) on the table and a further 200 million francs (30 million dollars) next season. 
Bosnian Serb forces seized back control of a cannon that was under UN supervision in the exclusion zone around Sarajevo "in violation" of the NATO ultimatum, a UN military spokesman said Tuesday.  The 105-mm. artillery gun was at a site where heavy weapons had been rounded up in Krivoglavci, in a Serb-controlled zone northwest of Sarajevo, said Major Rob Annink, spokesman for the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR). 
Australia's best-known entrepreneur of the 1980s, Alan Bond, now has an IQ of 108 -- far below the level to be expected of someone who headed one of the nation's biggest business empires, a court heard Tuesday.  Perth magistrates heard that the former tycoon -- who once had an above-average Intelligence Quotient of about 130 -- suffered brain damage after complications following open heart surgery. 
The chairman and president of China Airlines (CAL) offered to resign Tuesday to take responsibility for a plane crash in Japan last month that killed 264 people.  Chairman Liu Teh-min told reporters that he and president Yuan Hsin- yuan had done this "to take responsibility" for the tragedy. He refused to comment further. 
Malaysia denied Thursday that it was planning to defy a UN embargo and supply weapons to the Moslem-led Bosnian government.  "We are not in the gun-running business," the Bernama news agency quoted Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad as saying in response to a Cable News Network (CNN) report that Kuala Lumpur planned to arm Bosnia's Moslems. 
Russia's special envoy to ex-Yugoslavia Vitaly Churkin held talks with Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic on Tuesday, part of a bid to give impetus to peace negotiations set to resume in Geneva later this week, Serbian television said.  No details were immediately available on the talks, which took place after Churkin arrived from Zagreb. He was expected to return there later in the day to meet with Croatian President Franjo Tudjman. 
The Croat Kresimir Zubak was elected Tuesday for a six-month term as the first president of the new Croat-Moslem federation in Bosnia- Hercegovina.  Zubak, a 46-year-old lawyer, was elected as the federation's constituent parliament met for the second day in the Bosnian capital Sarajevo. 
Japan's Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. on Tuesday announced a group pre-tax loss of 202.4 billion yen (two billion dollars) in the year to March, almost doubling the previous year's loss of 108.1 billion yen.  The nation's second largest carmaker said global sales fell 6.4 percent to 5,801 billion yen with a net operating loss of 86.9 billion yen, hit by a higher yen and a continuning slump in the Japanese and European markets. 
Former captain Jean-Francois Tordo makes his comeback for France against Canada B here on Wednesday almost one year to the day after his face was ripped open in South Africa.  A knee ligament operation forced him to miss last season's Five Nations tournament when he had recovered from the Springbok raking. 
An international conference on alleged Indonesian abuses in the former Portuguese colony of East Timor opened here Tuesday after the Supreme Court overruled Philippine government efforts to ban the meeting.  The Supreme Court temporarily lifted Tuesday a lower court ruling barring the private conference, due to last until Friday. 
An appeal court on Tuesday upheld jail terms of a year each for five journalists on the opposition daily La Voie accused of affronting Ivory Coast's President Henri Konan Bedie.  The journalists were also ordered each to pay fines of 200,000 CFA francs (345 dollars), but the court did not order the immediate imprisonment of three of the journalists who are still out of jail. 
Central Bank Governor Gabriel Singson said here Tuesday that the government was unable to stop the Philippine peso from appreciating against the US dollar without the risk of fuelling inflation.  Singson made the admission in talks with exporters who have been clamoring for the government to stop the rise of the peso, which rose from 27.7 pesos to the dollar two months ago to about 26.8 pesos on Monday. 
Former Tory MP Alan Clark is at the center of a scandal here following allegations that he seduced the wife of a South African Judge as well as the man's two step-daughters.  The judge, James Harkess, his wife, Valerie, 57, and one of his step- daughters, Josephine, 34, arrived in Britain Tuesday bent on "setting the record straight." 
A senior Thai official said Tuesday the United States may sour its economic relationship with Asia and the Pacific if it continues to link trade agreements to human rights.  "I have tried to communicate that if they persist, we will persist in putting ourselves against their standard," Thai Deputy Prime Minister Supachai Panichpakdi said Tuesday. 
The luxury and fashion Hermes group is forecasting moderate growth for this year, "probably at a more moderate rate than in 1993," according to the group's annual report out Tuesday.  In 1993, the group made a turnover of 2.85 billion francs (500 million dollars), up 16 percent on 1992 and a net result of 210 million francs (36.8 million dollars), up 19 percent. 
European Union agricultural ministers agreed here Tuesday to reinforce the fight against "mad cow disease", but rejected German complaints that British beef could be unsafe because tainted with the disease.  British Agriculture Minister Gillian Shephard said Germany had received "not one iota of support" from other countries or the EU's executive European Commission for its efforts to ban imports of British beef. 
Dutch oil production was up nearly 50 percent in the first quarter of this year compared to last, the economy ministry said here Tuesday.  Oil production reached 1.03 million cubic meters in the first three months, of which 0.72 million was offshore. 
Singapore Tuesday announced it was opening its telecommunications market, currently monopolised by Singapore Telecom, to other companies in a bid to improve service and bring down prices.  Minister of State for Finance and Communications, Teo Chee Hean, said competition "will meet Singaporeans' demand for better quality and greater variety of mobile communication services at competitive prices." 
Singapore Tuesday announced it was opening its telecommunications market, currently monopolised by Singapore Telecom, to other companies in a bid to improve service and bring down prices.  Minister of State for Finance and Communications, Teo Chee Hean, said competition "will meet Singaporeans' demand for better quality and greater variety of mobile communication services at competitive prices." 
The European Union's trade deficit with Japan shrank by 18 percent in the first half of 1993, the EU's statistical arm Eurostat reported here Tuesday.  It said the deficit had fallen to 13.5 billion Ecu (15.8 billion dollars), down from 16.5 billion Ecu (19.3 billion dollars) in the first half-year of 1992. 
The British printing group De La Rue, which specialises in bank notes, on Tuesday announced a 24 percent increase in annual pre-tax profits at 129.8 million pounds (194.7 million dollars) compared with 104.7 million pounds the previous year.  The results, for the year to March, were in line with analysts' expectations. 
Sanyo Electric Co. Ltd. of Japan and Western Digital Corp. of the United States said Tuesday that they would jointly develop an integrated circuit chip to connect computers and compact disc drives.  Sanyo aims to manufacture samples of the chip by the end of the year. 
The French industrial and nuclear Framatome group last year made net profits of 863 million francs (151 million dollars), down 9.15 percent on 1992 profits, the group said in a press release Tuesday.  The drop was due to fewer orders for its military and aeronautical production and to the cost of restructuring the Jeumont firm, bought from Schneider in March 1993. 
Alberto Salazar, whose fanatical marathon training in the eighties nearly crippled him, won the 54 mile (86.7km) Comrades Marathon here Tuesday.  The American whose 1982 Boston marathon win in 2hr 8min 52sec made him one of the fastest men for the 26mile (42km) classic distance, won his his first-ever ultra-marathon in five hours 38 minutes 38 seconds. 
A failed gun attack Monday on former premier Morihiro Hosokawa was apparently the latest in a series of armed incidents by far-right fanatics bitter at the retreat from Japan's militant nationalistic past.  Police on Tuesday raided the offices of a little-known rightwing group, Shokonjuku, after a purported faction member, Masakatsu Nozoe, 52, fired a gun at Hosokawa in a hotel lobby. 
Headed to Europe to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Allied invasion of France, President Bill Clinton is the first US leader from a generation for which the word "war" does not evoke the heroism of Normandy but the moral conflict of Vietnam.  This European tour -- which begins Thursday in Italy and includes Britain and France -- could turn out to be a political minefield for the Clinton because of his uneasy relations with all things and people military. 
Four decades after Pondicherry joined the Indian union, nearly 10,000 French nationals remain in this former French colony on the shores of the Bay of Bengal.  But their numbers are shrinking every year and French influence is dwindling in this coastal strip of southern India, which former prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru once said he hoped would remain "France's window into India." 
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Tuesday said the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) still had a role to play in the post-Cold War world but had to map out a fresh strategy as he opened a ministerial conference here.  "Let us agree in this conference to set a new schedule for our movement to direct our efforts," he said, "so that we do not lose our past but live our present and look to our futures." 
Liberia's collegiate presidency has called on African peacekeeping troops to begin disarming the country's factions in line with a peace pact signed by the main rivals in a three-year civil war.  In a statement broadcast late Monday, the head of the transitional State Council, David Kpormakpor, also called on the heads of factions still fighting to "immediately cease hostilities on all fronts." 
South Africa will rejoin the Commonwealth Wednesday after a 33-year absence resulting from the racist apartheid regime that was wiped out with last month's first free elections, Secretary-General Emeka Anyaoku said Tuesday.  He told a press conference at Commonwealth headquarters here that the return followed "the end of apartheid and the dawn of freedom in South Africa. 
Southern forces sent in warplanes and fired rockets to block a northern thrust on Aden from two new fronts to the west of this key city on Tuesday.  The fighting flared as the UN Security Council was due to debate the conflict later in the day. 
Malawi's newly-elected President Bakili Muluzi arrived Tuesday morning in Maputo for a brief visit on his first foreign trip since taking office.  Muluzi said on arrival that "Mozambique is a very important neighbour for Malawi". 
Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa said Tuesday he will meet his Iranian counterpart Ali Akbar Velayati, in the first such encounter since diplomatic ties between Egypt and Iran were cut in 1979.  But Mussa told AFP the time for the meeting had not yet been set. 
Japanese fish catches fell six percent in 1993 from 1992, to reach 8.66 million tonnes, the agriculture, forestry and fisheries ministry said Tuesday.  It was the fifth annual decline, it said in a report. 
Chinese President Jiang Zemin hammered home Tuesday the importance of studying Deng Xiaoping theory during an impassioned call for party discipline, just days before the fifth anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre.  Addressing a special study class for senior party officials from across China, Jiang, who is also Communist Party secretary general, stressed that a proper grasp of patriarch Deng's socialist theory was essential to handling the contradictions thrown up in the joint push for "reform, development and stability." 
A close friend of French President Francois Mitterrand, businessman and art lover Pierre Berge, has been charged with insider trading by selling off shares in the prestigious luxury goods firm Yves Saint Laurent (YSL).  The second close associate of the socialist president to be indicted on such a charge, Berge was accused on Monday over the sale of 120,000 shares in YSL worth 100 million francs (17.8 million dollars). 
India will test fire a locally-built sophisticated surface-to-surface missile, "Prithvi" (Earth), next week, in defiance of US objections over the weapon, the Press Trust of India (PTI) reported Tuesday.  The indigenous missile, which has a maximum range of 250 kilometers (156 miles) with a payload of 500-kilograms (1,100-pound), is expected to be tested for the 13th time between June 4 and 6, defence officials were quoted as saying. 
Seven Afghan children rummaging for wood in war-damaged houses were killed Tuesday when a rocket exploded near Kabul's southern frontline, residents said.  The incident took place at Shahra-e-Kuohna, where forces loyal to Afghan president Burhanuddin Rabbani are facing Uzbek warlord general Abdul Rashid Dustom's militia, they said. 
Japan Airlines (JAL) Ltd. announced Tuesday its third consecutive annual loss as its arch-rival All Nippon Airways (ANA) Co. Ltd. said profits had evaporated and it was only expecting to break even this year.  A continued slump in the airline market at home and overseas also caused increased loss for Japan Air System Co. Ltd. (JAS), the nation's third-largest carrier following JAL and ANA. 
Steffi Graf and French teenager Mary Pierce didn't disappoint organisers, fans or ticket touts here on Tuesday when they raced to a potentially-explosive women's singles semi-final showdown at the French Open.  Both players have been chalking up one-sided victories since the Championships started nine days ago and their clash on Thursday is sure to pack the Roland Garros centre-court. 
Personal income in the United States rose 0.4 percent in April, while spending slipped 0.1 percent, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.  The increase in personal income was in line with most experts' forecasts. Spending had been expected to hold steady. 
German troops will march down Paris' Champs-Elysees for the July 14 Bastille Day military parade, the first time German soldiers will parade along the avenue since their wartime occupation of France.  President Francois Mitterrand, winding up a Franco-German summit in this eastern city, told reporters that German troops in the Eurocorps battalion would be invited for the annual military parade. 
At least 600 Kurdish families have crossed the border into Iran in recent days to flee fighting among rival Kurdish factions in northern Iraq, Resalat newspaper said here Tuesday.  The paper said most of the refugees were from the northeastern cities of Khurmal and Halabja near the Iranian border. 
Raids by the Angolan air force on the rebel UNITA stronghold city of Huambo have killed at least 39 civilians, left about 100 injured, and caused major damage, UNITA's Radio Vorgan reported Tuesday.  The government's planes dropped four napalm bombs in air strikes on the city in the central highlands on Monday, following attacks on Sunday, and also dropped charges containing unidentified chemical substances, the radio said. 
A head-on collision between a bus and a truck killed 17 people and injured 17 others in Iran's worst road accident this year, a newspaper said Tuesday.  Fifteen died instantly, including the driver of the bus, in the accident on Sunday on Sabzevar-Shahrud road in northeastern Iran, the daily Resalat said. 
Jonathan Bell, pushing for his first test cap against Australia in Sunday's Brisbane international, plays for Ireland against an Australian XV here on Wednesday night.  The 20-year-old Ballymena centre played impressively for the Irish in last Sunday's much-improved 29-26 loss to Queensland in Brisbane. 
Wigan's expensive All Black import Va'aiga Tuigamala has been left on the reserves bench for Wednesday night's world club rugby league championship match with the Brisbane Broncos.  The 120kilo winger, who defected from New Zealand rugby union last year, has made way for youngster Jason Robinson as the league world's top two clubs vie for the 400,000 dollars (288,000 US) winner-take-all stake. 
The United Nations suspended its operations in conflict-torn Rwanda on Tuesday after a Senegalese UN officer was killed by a shell in the capital, deputy UN force commander Brigadier Henry Anyidoho said.  "I have ordered that we suspend all operations immediately until the situation stabilises," the Ghanaian general said, after the officer was killed by shrapnel from a shell that landed close to his car in central Kigali. 
Italian rugby fullback Massimo Ravazzolo is a returning home without a playing a match on the Australian tour after a training mishap.  The 21-year-old, with five international appearances, broke his nose in two places in a training accident on Monday night. 
The Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation will open a press centre in the autonomous Jericho enclave later this week for journalists to cover the return of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat.  "We don't know when he's coming but we want to be ready from the first week of June," said corporation official Adnan Hamad. 
After 20 months of uninterupted cuts in British interest rates, financial analysts now believe they could rise before the end of the year to combat inflationary pressures.  A report from National Westminster Bank warned that interest rates will rise 1.5 percent over the next year, touching 6.75 percent by next summer. 
South Korea warned North Korea on Tuesday it faced confrontation with the entire world, as emergency meetings were held in Tokyo and Seoul to discuss possible sanctions against the isolated regime.  "North Korea should recognize the unfortunate fact that it is inviting confrontation with the entire world community" by ignoring calls for nuclear transparency, the South's foreign ministry said in a statement. 
The currencies moved little on the European foreign exchange markets early Tuesday, as dealers waited for dealing in New York to reopen after the long-weekend in Britain and the US.  The dollar remained weak at 1.6415 marks against 1.6440 at the Friday close. 
France said Tuesday it supported sanctions against North Korea if it continues refusing to submit to nuclear control checks requested by the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.  Foreign ministry spokesman Richard Duque said Paris hailed the UN Security Council's unanimous adoption Monday night of a declaration urging North Korea to allow full international inspection of its nuclear facilities, which Washington suspects are used to produce weapons. 
Disgraced former French and European champions Olympique Marseille dismissed reports of their demise here on Tuesday.  "Reports of 400 million francs of debts could not be further from the truth. We have made a spectacular financial recovery with big profits," the club's financial director Alain Laroche claimed after a league inquiry into the club's position. 
Personal income in the United States rose 0.4 percent in April, while spending slipped 0.1 percent, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.  The increase in personal income was in line with most experts' forecasts. It followed a revised 0.6 percent rise in March, unchanged from the initial estimate. 
Former New Zealand Test coach Tony Gordon has taken charge of English Rugby League first division club Hull.  Gordon, who has been given a one-year contract with a two-year option, had been coach of second division London Crusaders since February 1993 and came within a point of taking them to promotion this season. 
Arab officials attending the Non-Aligned Movement ministerial conference here were to hold talks about the Yemeni civil war on Tuesday, an Egyptian diplomat said.  Nabil Fahmy, spokesman for this round of NAM meetings, told journalists that the Arab ministers would meet on the sidelines of the conference late Tuesday in an attempt to find a solution to the Yemeni crisis. 
The Canadian economy grew at a faster rate in March, despite the first increases in interest rates since late 1992, the government reported Tuesday.  Statistics Canada said the growth in gross domestic product (GDP) rose to 0.5 percent in March, compared to an average of just 0.1 percent in January and February. 
The British government on Tuesday approved a transatlantic partnership between Britain's Virgin Atlantic airline and the US giant carrier Delta, worth a potential 100 million pounds a year to Virgin.  The deal, which now only needs approval from the US government to start in November, will considerably strengthen the Virgin's transatlantic position as it battles for market share with British Airways and big US airlines. 
The Swiss insurance group Winterthur said Tuesday it expected an improved performance this year, further boosting last year's net profits of 324 million francs (231 million dollars).  The group's business saw "a very good progression" in the first months of this year, the group's director Peter Spaelti told an annual press conference here. 
European Union agricultural ministers agreed here Tuesday to reinforce the fight against "mad cow disease", but rejected German complaints that British beef could be unsafe because tainted with the disease.  They instructed the EU's veterinary committee to consider banning the use of animal protein in cattle feed, and other measures to prevent the spread of the disease, known formally as bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE). 
Brigitte Bardot, the French actress turned animal rights campaigner, has appealed to President Hosni Mubarak to have Egypt's pets sterilized and revive the Pharaonic respect for animals.  Dogs, cats and other pets are suffering "in a country where animals were once respected and venerated," she wrote in a letter to Mubarak, a copy of which was obtained by AFP. 
The United Nations suspended its operations in conflict-torn Rwanda on Tuesday after a Senegalese army captain was killed by a shell in the capital, deputy UN force commander Brigadier Henry Anyidoho said.  "I have ordered that we suspend all operations immediately until the situation stabilises," the Ghanaian general said, after Captain Mbaye Diagne was hit by shrapnel from a shell that landed close to his car in central Kigali. 
Ruud Gullit may have walked out on Holland's World Cup squad because he could not get on with the Ajax players, his father said Tuesday.  It was at first assumed Holland's best-known player had had a row with coach Dick Advocaat over tactics. 
Mozambique takes the crucial first step in preparing for multiparty elections in October when the National Elections Commission (CNE) begins a nation-wide drive Wednesday to register some 8.5 million voters.  According to the CNE president, Brazao Mazula, his commission is ready for the challenge of registering all Mozambicans over 18 years old by August 15. 
Southern Yemeni troops repelled an assault by northern tanks on a village near the south's stronghold of Aden on Tuesday, a correspondent reported.  Two tank crewmen were killed and 12 captured, while a southern civilian also died and 10 others were injured, according to an Aden television reporter also at the scene. 
Australian Greg Norman remains in first place in the latest world golf rankings, with the top ten places unchanged.  Current positions are: 1. Greg Norman (Australia) 21.97pts; 2. Nick Faldo (GB) 18.74pts; 3, Nick Price (South Africa) 17.94pts; 4. Bernhard Langer (Germany) 15.41pts; 5. Fred Couples (USA) 14.69; 6. Paul Azinger (USA) 12.46pts; 7. Jose-Maria Olazabal (Spain) 12.41pts; 8. Ian Woosnam (GB) 10.84pts; 9. David Frost (South Africa) 10.70pts; 10. Colin Montgomerie (GB) 9.92pts. 
North Korea's refusal to allow UN inspectors into its nuclear power sites to ensure weapons-grade plutonium was not being diverted to military uses was of "great concern," the White House said Tuesday.  White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers said President Bill Clinton would be briefed on the crisis Tuesday at his regular national security briefing. 
A Bosnian grenade-launcher and anti-tank missile were found on Sardinia, police said Tuesday, fueling fears of some sort of mysterious network between the Mediterranean island and ex-Yugoslav states.  The 64 mm grenade launching tube and an anti-tank missile, in perfect working order and packed inside a Plexiglas container, were found hidden at a rocky site near the town of Macomer in central Sardinia. 
China's health ministry said Tuesday the country of 1.2 billion had 1,361 known carriers of the AIDS virus, nearly a quarter of whom were foreigners or people who had been abroad.  Those who have contracted Human Immune-deficiency Virus (HIV) comprise 1,106 mainland residents and 255 foreigners or foreign citizens of Chinese origin, said the official Xinhua news agency, received here. 
President Nelson Mandela said Tuesday he was "delighted" to learn that South Africa would Wednesday rejoin the Commonwealth after a 33-year absence.  "The South African government is looking forward to making a positive contribution in the various fields of endeavour pursued by the Commonwealth," Mandela said in a statement here. 
Chechnya stated Tuesday that Russian President Boris Yeltsin's decree imposing a state of emergency on two nearby Caucasus districts did not pose a threat, ITAR-TASS reported.  Chechen spokesman Movladi Udugov said after examining a watered-down version of the decree issued Monday that the order "did not for the moment provoke any special concern" on the part of the Chechen leadership, the news agency said. 
White right-wing Conservative Party (CP) leader Ferdi Hartzenberg Tuesday declared himself "very satisfied" with negotiations he has been holding with President Nelson Mandela on the creation of a separate white homeland.  Addressing the press at Donkerhoek near here, where white extremists have until recently been running an illegal radio station, Hartzenberg said he was convinced Mandela was genuinely trying to accommodate Afrikaners. 
The dollar fell against other major currencies except the yen here early Tuesday in a quiet market after the long Memorial Day holiday weekend.  Gold, meanwhile, rose to 387.40 dollars an ounce, up 2.70 dollars from late Friday. 
Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata warned Tuesday that the unmonitored removal of fuel rods at a North Korean nuclear plant could lead to "a catastrophe."  "There are reports that the fuel rods have been continuously removed, at an extremely fast rate," Hata told the National Press Club here, adding without elaborating: "It could lead to catastrophe." 
Robbers stole at least 72 automatic pistols and 14,000 rounds of ammunition in a raid on the headquarters of the Gamboma military zone in central Congo, military sources said here Tuesday.  A team of army and police officers was Tuesday sent to Gamboma, 300 kilometres (185 miles) north of Brazzaville, to investigate the theft, which took place on Sunday night, the sources said. 
Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata reaffirmed Tuesday that the government should in no way give Emperor Akihito a political role when he travels abroad.  Commenting on the cancellation of a visit by Akihito to the memorial of Japan's surprise attack on Pearl Harbour during his upcoming US tour, Hata said the emperor's travel abroad should be strictly for exchanges of "good will." 
The German government has cancelled an early June bond issue because it has sufficient funds, the Bundesbank said Tuesday.  According to its calendar, the government was to have issued a bond "in the first 10 days of June." 
Suspected Israelis on Tuesday shot dead two Palestinians on the occupied West Bank just north of Jerusalem, witnesses said.  The two killers in civilian dress fled aboard a van bearing an Israeli flag. 
President Bill Clinton is excited about his trip to Europe beginning Wednesday, including a stop in Italy where his father served during World War II, said White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers.  "He's excited. He's looking forward to it," said Myers, who added that First Lady Hillary Clinton would travel to Europe while daughter Chelsea would remain home. 
Blue-chip stocks fell early Tuesday, following declines on European stock markets and rising bond interest rates.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was down 13.23 points at 3,743.91 shortly after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Conchita Martinez finally laid to rest a five-year jinx at the French Open on Tuesday.  After failing to get any further than the quarter-finals on five previous visits, the 22-year-old Spaniard finally reached the semi- finals when she defeated Germany's sixteenth-seed Sabine Hack 2-6, 6-0, 6-2. 
The index of American consumer confidence in the US economy slipped to 87.6 percent in May from a revised 92.1 percent the previous month, the Conference Board said Tuesday.  The Conference Board, a private business research institute, had initially estimated the April level at 91.7 percent. 
France hopes to establish close relations with the new socialist government in Hungary, which in time should join the European Union, foreign ministry spokesman Richard Duque said here Tuesday.  Duque added that France would continue to support the reform process in the former communist country and Hungary's bid to join the union. 
Israeli troops shot dead two wanted Moslem fundamentalist suspects on the occupied West Bank just north of Jerusalem on Tuesday, military officials said.  The officials said the two men were senior members of the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS which is fighting on against Israel despite autonomy. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin announced he has given orders not to let PLO secret police chief Jibril Rajoub leave Jericho after he vowed to pursue the armed struggle against Israel.  "I gave orders on Monday to restrict his movements and to stop him from leaving Jericho," state radio quoted Rabin as saying. 
Suspected Hindu nationalists Tuesday shot dead a socialist as tens of thousands of people voted across India's most populous state to pick six lawmakers, officials said.  Some 600,000 voters, or half the electorate, cast their ballots in six constituencies of Uttar Pradesh in by-elections which were originally scheduled for May 26 but were put off by the Election Commission. 
Visiting British Trade Minister Richard Needham on Tuesday urged Japan to provide British companies with more business opportunities, officials said.  The minister made the request when he met Japanese Foreign Minister Koji Kakizawa, the Japanese officials said. 
Taiwan's High Court has upheld a ten-year jail sentence on a Chinese man who hijacked a passenger airliner to Taipei, judicial officials said Tuesday.  Zhang Hai was jailed by a district court for hijacking a Chinese airliner to Taiwan on November 5 last year. 
China Tuesday conditionally agreed to discuss the murders of 24 Taiwanese tourists on a mainland pleasure boat with Taipei, but authorities in Taiwan have rejected the offer, officials here said.  The agreement follows nine requests from Taipei over the boat fire and murders on Lake Qiandao in eastern China on March 31, after the incident caused a diplomatic spat between the two governments. 
Baron Marcel Bich, the founder of the Bic empire of throwaway pens and disposable razors, has died aged 79, his family said Tuesday.  The industrialist died Monday, they said, but did not state the cause of death. 
Spain's Carlos Sainz took full advantage of the disqualification of his team-mate Colin McRae to win the Acropolis rally here on Tuesday.  The victory lifted the Subaru driver level with world champion Juha Kankkunen, of Finland, at the top of the world championship standings. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin announced Tuesday he had given orders not to let PLO secret police chief Jibril Rajoub leave Jericho after he vowed to pursue the armed struggle against Israel.  "I gave orders on Monday to restrict his movements and to stop him from leaving Jericho," state radio quoted Rabin as saying. 
At least 94 elephants were killed in Sri Lanka last year and more are expected to be slaughtered in 1994, as man's battle with the animal steps up, a press report here said Tuesday.  The elephant population in Sri Lanka, which has shrunk from 30,000 at the turn of the century to an estimated 2,000 to 2,500 now, will further dwindle if the current rate of killings was maintained, the Daily News quoted the Wildlife and Nature Protection Society as saying. 
Moslems held special mass prayers for rains as a water crisis gripped the Pakistani capital and the death toll from a heat wave sweeping the country rose Tuesday to 26.  Hundreds of residents joined the prayers at the International Islamic University compound here, while the authorities marshalled a fleet of tankers to deliver potable water to homes. 
Sales of new US homes dropped 6.8 percent in April, following a revised 6.4 percent increase in the previous month, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.  Last month's sharp drop surprised experts, who had predicted a 1.5 percent increase. 
An Iraqi Shiite Moslem opposition group said here Tuesday that the sacking of the prime minister would not save President Saddam Hussein from economic and political collapse.  The Tehran-based Supreme Assembly of the Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SAIRI) said the change of government was "evidence of deepening internal crisis in Iraq and Saddam's growing uncertainty about his future." 
Confrontation between Nigeria's military junta and pro-democracy movement appeared inevitable with the approach of a deadline at midnight Tuesday from the opposition for the regime to stand down.  Opposition movements grouped in a new nationwide organisation, the National Democratic Coalition (NADECO), have called on General Sani Abacha to hand over power to Moshood Abiola, the presumed winner of elections annulled last year. 
Israeli undercover troops shot dead two wanted Moslem fundamentalists just north of Jerusalem on Tuesday, witnesses and military officials said.  The officials said two senior members of the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS died in a military operation on the West Bank. 
Football's most celebrated senior citizen, Roger Milla of Cameroon, looks like achieving his dream of becoming the oldest player in World Cup history.  The 42-year-old Milla has been listed as both a player and an administrative director in a preliminary Cameroon squad released on Tuesday. 
South Africa A beat England 19-16 in their fifth tour match here Tuesday after the tourists led 10-3 at halftime.  Right wing Damien Hopley scored a try for England while fullback Jonathan Callard contributed the rest with three penalties and a conversion. 
South Africa's bid to stage the 1996 world cross country championships in Stellenbosch has won the support from organisers of the 1995 event.  Allan Wilson, secretary of the organising committee in Durham, said: "With the advent of a new South Africa it would be nice for them to be awarded such a high-profile event." 
Greece is determined to take "drastic measures" to protect the interests of the Greek minority in Albania, Foreign Minister Carolos Papoulias said here Tuesday.  Papoulias was responding to an overture made Monday by Albanian President Sali Berisha who indicated his willingness to resume talks with Greece over the status of the ethnic Greek minority in a part of southern Albania which Greek nationalists claim belongs to Greece. 
When Armando Calderon is sworn in as president of El Salvador Wednesday he will inherit an unfinished peace process with leftist rebels, but a fairly stable economy.  The outgoing president, Alfredo Cristiani, will be remembered as "the president of peace" for the January 1992 peace accords that ended a bloody, 12-year civil war with the leftist Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN). 
The index of American consumer confidence in the US economy slipped to 87.6 percent in May from a revised 92.1 percent the previous month, the Conference Board said Tuesday.  The Conference Board, a private business research institute, had initially estimated the April level on its monthly index at 91.7 percent. 
A prominent Libyan banker who quit his post under US pressure in connection with the Lockerbie plane bombing has been named Arab banker of the year.  Abdullah al-Saudi, former chief executive of the Arab Banking Corporation (AFC), was selected the "Arab banking personality for 1993" by the Arab Banks Union (ABU) at its annual conference in Vienna last week. 
French businessman Didier Pineau-Valencienne, who was detained here Friday on charges of fraud, could be released on Wednesday because of his good cooperation with investigators, police said here Tuesday.  Pineau-Valencienne, chairman of France's Schneider SA, an electrical engineering group, has been charged with forgery, use of fraudulent documents, embezzlement, falsifying of annual accounts and breach of accounting rules. 
Japan's Daishowa Paper Manufacturing Co. said Tuesday that it suffered a pre-tax loss of 26.4 billion yen (254 million dollars) in the year to March for the fourth consecutive annual loss.  Sales fell 11.3 percent from the preceding year to 275 billion yen, the major paper producer said in a financial statement. 
French businessman Didier Pineau-Valencienne, who was detained here Friday on charges of fraud, could be released on Wednesday because of his good cooperation with investigators, police said here Tuesday.  Pineau-Valencienne, chairman of France's Schneider SA, an electrical engineering group, has been charged with forgery, use of fraudulent documents, embezzlement, falsifying of annual accounts and breach of accounting rules. 
Seventh-seed and twice-champion Jim Courier ended the 'Grand Slam' hopes of Pete Sampras here on Tuesday when he scored a 6-4, 5-7, 6-4, 6-4 victory over the world number-one to reach the men's singles semi- final at the French Open here on Tuesday.  He now plays either title-holder Sergi Bruguera or Andrei Medvedev of the Ukraine for a place in next Sunday's final. 
Russian President Boris Yeltsin has backed away from a confrontation with the rebellious Caucasus republic of Chechnya, watering down moves to take control of two disputed regions, a Chechen official said Tuesday.  In a decree issued Monday, Yeltsin imposed a state of emergency on the district of Sunja and direct Moscow rule on the region of Malgobek despite warnings from Chechnya that such moves were tantamount to a declaration of war. 
Algeria's new legislative assembly on Tuesday chose its president, Abdelkader Bensaleh, the former spokesman of an official commission responsible for trying to end a bloody uprising by political means.  Officials said that Bensaleh, the government's candidate for the post, was elected in the National Transitional Council (CNT) unopposed by a show of hands after two other candidates stood down. 
French President Francois Mitterrand closed a two-day Franco-German summit here Tuesday saying that a two-speed Europe was inevitable until all candidates joined under the same conditions.  Mitterrand, speaking during a press conference with German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, was responding to questions concerning a proposal made by French right-wing European Affairs Minister Alain Lamassoure. 
Pete Sampras' dream of a fourth consecutive Grand Slam title turned into a nightmare on the treacherous red clay of the Roland Garros centre-court here on Tuesday.  The world number-one, winner of last year's Wimbledon, United States Open and this year's Australian Open, was beaten in four sets by his old buddy and rival Jim Courier in a big-hitting quarter-final duel spread over nearly three and a half hours on the hottest day of the tournament so far. 
Dan Rostenkowski, a Democratic powerbroker and point man in Congress for President Bill Clinton's health care reform, faced indictment Tuesday on corruption charges that could ruin his long career.  Federal prosecutors had scheduled an announcement for later in the day when they could formally charge the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee with defrauding taxpayers of hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev on Tuesday defended Moscow's right to sell arms to Iran, criticizing calls for Russia to ban arms trade with other countries.  Cited by the Interfax news agency, he said that calls for Russia not to sell arms to Iran "not only does not correspond with the partnership with our western allies, but recalls the worst in our joint histroy." 
Serbia wants an end to the fighting racking Bosnia-Hercegovina, Russian special envoy to ex-Yugoslavia Vitaly Churkin said Tuesday after meeting Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic.  "Milosevic assured me that Serbia strongly supported the idea of an end to the fighting in Bosnia," Churkin said, quoted by the Tanjug news agency. 
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin hardened his stance on Tuesday saying he would not allowed PLO chairman Yasser Arafat to visit Jerusalem in the next two years, state radio reported.  With both Israel and the Palestinians both increasingly pushing their claims to Jerusalem, Rabin scotched any hopes of an early trip to the holy city for the PLO leader. 
Representative Dan Rostenkowski's position as head of a powerful congressional committee and his legendary wheeling and dealing make him an unusual entity in Washington: a lawmaker who gets things done.  Rostenkowski, 66, was weened on rough, big city politics in Chicago, where personal allegiance is more important that partisanship and the rules of the game are sometimes a little different. 
Rival Kurdish factions battling in northern Iraq on Tuesday denied seeking mediation from neighbouring Iran to halt the month-long bloodshed.  "Iran asked us if we want them to mediate. We told them we are not against that, but that they first have to declare whether they have participated in the fighting," said a spokesman for the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK). 
The Republic of Ireland's veteran defender Paul McGrath has emerged as a target for English First Division club Wolverhampton Wanderers, as the Molineux club completed the signing of England winger Tony Daley on Tuesday.  Wolves and former England manager Graham Taylor watched McGrath, 33, in Ireland's 2-0 victory over Germany in Hanover on Sunday. 
French businessman Didier Pineau-Valencienne, who was detained here Friday on charges of fraud, could be released on Wednesday because of his good cooperation with investigators, police said here Tuesday.  Pineau-Valencienne, chairman of France's Schneider SA, an electrical engineering group, has been charged with forgery, fraud, abuse of confidence, embezzlement, falsifying of annual accounts and breach of accounting rules. 
Sergi Bruguera had the last laugh when he beat dangerous teenage rival Andrei Medvedev 6-3, 6-2, 7-5 to move just two matches away from retaining his French Open crown here Tuesday.  Bruguera, seeded sixth, who also beat Medvedev in the semi-finals last year, lost to the Ukranian in the final of this year's Monte Carlo Open. 
Paintings by French Impressionists Paul Cezanne, Auguste Renoir and Paul Gauguin are among 28 works stolen by Nazi troops during World War II about to be returned to France, French officials said Tuesday.  German Chancellor Helmut Kohl on Monday gave French President Francois Mitterrand an untitled Claude Monet painting from the 1870s, showing the snow-covered Louveciennes road west of Paris. 
Japan will send a mission to Canada to discuss cooperation in peacekeeping activities on the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, officials said Tuesday.  The dispatch of the six-member mission follows a United Nations request for Japan to study the possibility of helping Canadian peacekeepers on the Golan Heights, they said. 
The United Nations suspended all relief operations in Rwanda's embattled capital Kigali after a Senegalese peacekeeper was killed in a shell blast Tuesday, UN officials said.  "I have ordered that we suspend all operations immediately until the situation stabilises," deputy UN force commander Brigadier Henry Anyidoho said. 
Blue-chip stocks fell early Tuesday, following declines on European stock markets and rising bond interest rates.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials at 1500 GMT was down four points at 3,753.14 points with only 61 million shares changing hands. 
The French AOM airline said Tuesday it was making an official complaint to the European Commission in a bid to win broader access to London's Heathrow airport.  "Since October 1993, AOM has unsuccessfully requested that British authorities grant it time slots to give it real access to air transport market between Paris-Orly and London-Heathrow," the company said in a statement. 
Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata expressed optimism Tuesday as Japan prepared to resume trade talks with the United States, with a promise to ease regulations and open its markets.  "It will never be easy," he told the National Press Club about the talks which broke down in February due to Japan's rejection of US demands for "numerical targets" in gauging the opening of its markets. 
Six people including four policemen were killed when unidentified gunmen opened fire on a police van taking prisoners to court, the state-run Pakistan Television (PTV) said.  The attack at Sialkot, a sports goods manufacturing centre in the Punjab province, left other three people injured, PTV said. 
Chilean army chief and former dictator General Augusto Pinochet on Tuesday discussed arms deals in the Czech capital, where his presence triggered a series of protests, CTK agency said.  Pinochet flew into Prague Monday from Amsterdam for a private visit of several days at the invitation of Omnipol, an arms specialists. 
German troops will march down the Champs-Elysees in Paris for the July 14 Bastille Day military parade, the first time German soldiers will have paraded along the avenue since their wartime occupation of France.  President Francois Mitterrand, winding up a Franco-German summit less than a week before the 50th anniversary of the allied Normandy landings in World War II, told reporters that German troops in the multinational European force Eurocorps would be invited for the annual military parade. 
Southern armored forces drove back a lightning northern advance in a tank battle at this village on Tuesday just 20 kilometers (12 miles) from the key southern city of Aden.  Two northern tank crewmen were killed and 12 others taken prisoner, while one villager was also killed and 1O wounded, according to a toll given by a reporter from official Aden television at the scene, Sakkaf al-Qafd. 
The Swiss Ascom Holding AG company Tuesday announced the sale of its cable network in Switzerland and Austria.  Addressing an international management symposium here, Fred Sutter, chairman of the group, indicated the sale would be worth about 200 million Swiss francs (142 million dollars). 
No longer shunned by the world, South Africa has been welcomed back into an array of international organisations since last month's all- race elections ended centuries of white-minority rule.  The latest confirmation that South Africa was no longer the pariah of the world came Tuesday, when Commonwealth Secretary-General Emeka Anyaoku announced that the country would become the association's 51st member on June 1 after a 33-year absence. 
Israeli undercover troops shot dead two wanted Moslem fundamentalists just north of Jerusalem on Tuesday, witnesses and military officials said.  The officials said two senior members of the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS died in a security service operation on the West Bank. 
The new Moslem-Croat federation took its first concrete steps towards becoming a political reality Tuesday by electing a president and asking Bosnian premier Haris Silajdzic to form a cabinet.  The decisive moves came on the second day of a meeting here of the federation's constituent parliament, set up to oversee the establishment of a joint government for a six-month period, after which elections will be called. 
The Security Council began debate Tuesday on efforts to bring about a ceasefire and resumption of negotiations to end the civil war in Yemen.  Oman, which takes over the chairmanship of the 15-member council Wednesday, has said it would propose a plan to help reconcile nothern and southern Yemen, which have been at war since May 5. 
Maverick politician and self-made millionaire Bernard Tapie won a respite from the taxman on Tuesday but it was little in comparison with the sea of troubles faced by the 51-year-old, under increasing pressure from his creditors and in the courts.  Tapie was granted a three-year respite to pay 70 million francs (12 million dollars) in back taxes owed by his football club, Olympique Marseille. 
New Zealand have put 24-year-old Otago seamer Aaron Gale on alert for the first Test against England, starting at Nottingham on Thusday.  Gale is spending the English summer playing in the Durham League, but could be pencilled in for Trent Bridge if both Danny Morrison and Michael Owens are ruled unfit. 
Erich Honecker, who ruled former East Germany for 18 years before falling from power amid the collapse of communism, was cremated Tuesday, cemetery officials said.  His ashes were to be turned over to his widow Margot and daughter Sonja later in the day, said Eleazar Robles, director of the General Cemetery, where the cremation took place. 
Poland Tuesday announced the introduction of a new Zloty as of January 1, to be worth 10,000 old Zlotys.  A government bill to that effect will shortly be put to parliament, an official statement said. 
Chancellor Helmut Kohl Tuesday said the fight against unemployment in Germany went by way of Europe.  "Unemployment, the level of which cannot be justified, must be countered first by measures taken at the national and European level," he told a meeting of the federation of German Industry. 
Baseball professionals will be allowed to play in the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, the International Olympic Committee indicated on Tuesday.  A proposal to that effect is expected to be ratified by the International Baseball Association at its congress here on June 5 and 6. 
Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi denied Tuesday having said that former Italian dictator Benito Mussolini "did some good things for a while," as the controversy over neo-fascists in his government continued.  "The interview was distorted," Berlusconi said, referring to comments published in the Washington Post Saturday, and which were widely reported by the Italian media. 
President Bill Clinton was Tuesday dubbed the "nation's first fitness buff" and the "first jogger" in a White House ceremony he used as a bully pulpit to urge Americans to start exercising.  Vice President Al Gore swore in the President's Council on Physical Fitness, which helps the administration publicize the need to become physically fit, but it was the president who scolded the 43 percent of Americans who he said never worked out. 
The dollar was up against the major currencies except the pound sterling Tuesday, helped in slack afternoon trading by dollar purchases to hedge against losses.  Gold rose 2.80 dollars an ounce to 387.50 dollars from Friday's close. 
A presidential sighting would normally be exciting for the thousands of tourists who stream into Washington every year.  But one group had an unusual reaction Tuesday when they saw President Bill Clinton on his early morning run from the White House to the Capitol and back. 
Britain's Chris Boardman, who won Monday's prologue, maintained the leader's yellow jersey after the first stage of the Criterium du Dauphine Libere cycling race here on Tuesday.  The former Olympic pursuit champion finished in the leading pack (25th) after the longest stage of the race to hold the lead by a single second from his GAN team-mate Jean-Philippe Dojwa. 
English double winners Manchester United have recruited Wigan Rugby League Club physiotherapist David Fevre to replace Jim McGregor, who left Old Trafford earlier this month.  dm94am 
Three points will be awarded for a win in Scottish League matches from next season.  The move, agreed at the annual meeting of the Scottish League on Tuesday, brings the Scots into line with their English and Welsh counterparts. 
South Africa made its entry to the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) here Tuesday as foreign ministers opened a conference without founding member Yugoslavia.  Representatives from more than 80 countries were to try and map out a new post-Cold War strategy for the almost 40-year-old organisation during the conference in the Egyptian capital. 
Greece on Tuesday threatened to take "drastic measures" to protect the interests of the Greek minority in Albania, and ruled out any immediate resumption of talks on the issue.  Foreign Minister Carolos Papoulias was responding to an overture made Monday by Albanian President Sali Berisha who indicated his willingness to resume talks with Greece. 
England crashed to their fourth South African tour defeat in five matches here Tuesday, going down 16-19 to a makeshift South Africa A side.  Once again, the tourists were outscored two tries to one and ultimately succumbed to a late field goal that broke a 16-all deadlock. 
Spain's second-seeded Arantxa Sanchez will play compatriot Conchita Martinez in the semi-finals of the women's singles at the French Open here following a 6-1, 7-6 (8/6) win over plucky French opponent Julie Halard late Tuesday.  Sanchez, winner of the title in 1989 and a finalist two years later, had to slap back a brave second-set revival by the 24th-ranked French player in the 1hr 34 min clash. 
A pile up in the closing stages of Tuesday's tenth stage allowed former world number one Gianni Bugno to cut six seconds from Evgeni Berzin's overall lead in the Giro d'Italia.  The 115km stage was headed for a big group finish when a fall split the leading pack. Bugno was among a leading group of 12 who were able to escape thanks to the disruption and finally finished 10th. 
South Africa team to play England in the first Test at Pretoria's Loftus Versveld stadium on Saturday.  Andre Joubert (Natal), Chester Williams (Western Province), Brendan Venter (Orange Free State), Pieter Muller (Natal), James Small (Natal), Hennie le Roux (Transvaal), Joost van der Westhuizen (Northern Transvaal), Andre-Henri le Roux (Orange Free State), John Allan (Natal), Balie Swart (Transvaal), Francois Pienaar (Transvaal, captain), Hannes Strydom (Transvaal), Steve Atherton (Natal), Fritz van Heerden (Western Province), Tiann Strauss (Western Province) 
Share prices recovered Tuesday after an early slump caused by fears of rising interest rates, dealers said.  The FT-SE 100 index of leading shares ended the day at 2,970.5, up 0.1 percent on Friday's close after the bank holiday weekend. 
Francisco Maturana, the coach who has made Colombia one of the most feared forces in world football, will take over as manager of Atletico Madrid next season.  Club president Jesus Gil y Gil said Maturana would be appointed on a one-year contract despite the opposition of most of the players. 
Number one seed Stefan Edberg moved into the third round of the Beckenham tournament with a two-set victory over American Kent Kinnear on Tuesday.  After breezing through the first set 6-1, the Swede found himself 3-0 down in the second to the 6ft 5in Kinnear and was 0-40 down on his serve in the 10th game, but ultimately came out on top by 7-4 in the tie break. 
The Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) is to submit a project to restructure the United Nations and make it more democratic, according to a draft resolution issued here Tuesday.  NAM heads of state will propose a restructuring plan to the United Nations at their next summit in September 1995, coinciding with the 50th anniversary of the United Nations. 
Bosnian Serb forces fired nine shells at Tuzla airport in northeastern Bosnia a few minutes after the landing of a UN relief flight Monday, UN Protection Force officials said here.  The aircraft, an Ilyushin-76 arriving from Split in Croatia, took off again without unloading after nine shells landed in the close vicinity of the airport within a 20-minute period. There were no casualties. 
The Yemeni interior minister on Tuesday denied that hundreds of people had been arrested in a crackdown on dissent by President Ali Abdallah Saleh since the civil war began.  Western diplomats in the Gulf said Monday that members of the southern Yemen Socialist Party (YSP) trapped in Sanaa had been forced into hiding after several were killed. 
Serbs from the self-proclaimed republic of Krajina in Croatia Tuesday blocked UN aid convoys destined for the north-west Bosnian pocket of Bihac, the spokesman for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, Peter Kessler, said.  The Krajina Serbs have for the past two weeks held up convoys destined for the south of the Bihac pocket, which is controlled by the mainly- Moslem Bosnian government army. 
Dan Rostenkowski, a Democratic power broker and point man for President Bill Clinton's health care reform, was indicted Tuesday on 17 counts of corruption.  A federal grand jury handed down the indictment against the chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee after Rostenkowski spurned a plea bargain. 
Dan Rostenkowski, a Democratic power broker and point man for President Bill Clinton's health care reform, was indicted Tuesday on 17 counts of corruption.  A federal grand jury handed down the indictment against the chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee after Rostenkowski spurned a plea bargain. 
Pete Sampras' dream of a fourth consecutive Grand Slam title turned into a nightmare on the treacherous red clay of the Roland Garros centre-court here on Tuesday.  The world number-one, winner of last year's Wimbledon, United States Open and this year's Australian Open, was beaten in four sets by his old buddy and rival Jim Courier in a big-hitting quarter-final duel spread over nearly three and a half hours on the hottest day of the tournament so far. 
"The Flintstones," a live-action version of the prehistoric cartoon cave family, rocked the box office over the long US Memorial Day weekend with record receipts topping 37 million dollars.  According to Universal Pictures' estimates, the antics of Fred Flintstone and his sidekick Barney Rubble in the town of Bedrock brought in 37.5 million dollars over four days on the long weekend, smashing the previous record of 37.03 million dollars set in 1989 by "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade." 
Currencies showed little movement on the European foreign exchange markets Tuesday, as dealers appeared ready to wait for Friday's unemployment figures in the United States.  After a three-day break because of public holidays in Britain and the United States, the dollar closed here at 1.6440 marks, the same level as Friday. 
Cuban officials used megaphones to plead with more than 100 asylum- seekers to leave the Belgian ambassador's residence where they have been holed up since Saturday.  As diplomatic negotiations continued, the officials came to a police line and shouted into the compound with megaphones, assuring the asylum seekers they could make formal requests to leave the country and that no reprisals would be taken. 
Dan Rostenkowski, a Democratic power broker and point man for President Bill Clinton's health care reform, was indicted Tuesday on 17 counts of corruption.  A federal grand jury handed down the indictment against the chairman of the powerful House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee after Rostenkowski spurned a plea bargain. 
The UN Security Council must recognize the unity of Yemen or the government will reject its peace efforts and fight on, a senior northern official warned Tuesday as the Council met on the civil war.  Deputy Prime Minister Abdelwahab al-Ansi said the Security Council "cannot stop the legitimate forces" from fighting for unity. 
Bosnian Serb forces shelled Tuzla airport in northeastern Bosnia a few minutes after a UN relief plane landed there Tuesday, UN Protection Force officials said here.  UN special envoy Yasushi Akashi immediately condemned the attack and said he had protested to Serb leader Radovan Karadzic over the incident, which comes ahead of peace talks scheduled in Geneva Thursday. 
Portugal protested Tuesday to the Philippines over its handling of an international conference on alleged Indonesian abuses in the former Portuguese colony of East Timor, the Portuguese foreign ministry said.  Portugal's UN representative protested to his Filipino counterpart against Manila's refusal to allow foreign nationals into the Philippines to take part in the conference and its ejection of Portuguese citizens already in the country, the ministry said. 
Claudio Caniggia scored his first international goal since his cocaine ban ended as Argentina beat Israel 3-0 in a World Cup warm-up here on Tuesday.  The forward, Argentina's outstanding player in the last World Cup finals, struck in the 53rd minute after a double from Fiorentina striker Gabriel Batistuta. 
The US brokerage firms Merryl Lynch and J.P. Morgan and the French banks Parisbas and Indosuez have struck a deal with the Lebanese government to sell treasury bonds, central bank governor Riad Salame said Tuesday.  Salame told AFP that the four firms would lend the government 300 million dollars and sell the Lebanese treasury bonds on the European secondary markets. He did not say when the transactions would start. 
Johan Cruyff has signed a contract extension with Barcelona that will keep him at the Catalan club until June 1996, club president Josep Luis Nunez said on Tuesday.  Cruyff had been until contract until the end of next season. 
Salah Djebaili, rector of the Bab Ezzouar Science and Technology University in Algiers, was gunned down Tuesday by unidenitified attackers, security services said.  Djebaili was shot as he was about to get in his car parked a short distance from the university campus in the eastern suburbs of the Algerian capital, they said. 
The rector of the Bab Ezzouar Science and Technology University in Algiers was killed Tuesday in a gun attack, security services said.  Salah Djebaili was shot as he was about to get in his car parked a short distance from the university campus in the eastern suburbs of the Algerian capital, they said. 
Young leftwing demonstrators jeered "Nazis out!" and threw eggs and tomatoes at the two main speakers at a Bonn city centre European election rally Tuesday by the anti-Maastricht Federation of Free Citizens.  Riot police stood on the platform to protect federation leader Manfred Brunner and the Austrian rightwing nationalist Joerg Haider from the missiles with their shields or lent shields to party stewards. 
Jazz guitarist Sonny Sharrock, a free-jazz pioneer mentioned as an influence by guitarists Carlos Santana and Elliott Sharp, has died, his agent Mary McGuire said Tuesday.  Sharrock, 53, died Thursday of a heart attack at him home in Ossining, New York, she said. 
A second top official of the far-right Republicans party has quit, accusing its former Waffen SS leader Franz Schoenhuber of failing to distance himself from neo-Nazi ideas.  Udo Boesch, responsible for party organisation, announced he was resigning in a letter published Tuesday, two weeks after national secretary Martina Rosenberger left the Republicans citing similar reasons. 
A panel investigating the March 23 assassination of presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio voted surprisingly Tuesday to disband, charging the government had failed to cooperate in the probe.  The five-member commission appointed by President Carlos Salinas de Gortari said its investigation had received no official support or access to the official investigation. 
Ukrainian officials and western nuclear experts deadlocked Tuesday over the future of the Chernobyl nuclear power station, Deputy Ukrainian Prime Minister Valery Chmarov said.  The experts from the Group of Seven (G7) leading industrial nations met their Ukrainian counterparts in Kiev but "were not agreed on the amount of financial aid to provide Ukraine for the construction of a station destined to replace the Chernobyl reactor," Chmarov said. 
Salah Djebaili, rector of the Bab Ezzouar Science and Technology University in Algiers, was killed Tuesday in a gun attack, security services said.  Djebaili was shot as he was about to get in his car, parked a short distance from the university campus in the eastern suburbs of the Algerian capital, they said. 
Truce talks aimed at brokering a ceasefire in Bosnia-Hercegovina due to open here on Thursday are at risk before they even begin, with Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic threatening to stay away.  The talks, called by UN special envoy Yasushi Akashi, aim to bring together the political and military leaders of the warring parties, along with all the major international mediators in the Balkan conflict. 
PLO leader Yasser Arafat has called on members of the Palestinian administration to run Jericho and Gaza to draw up a 100-day emergency plan, a member of the team said Tuesday.  Saeb Erekat told AFP that Arafat had called upon each "minister" to draw up a separate plan for their own porfolio, as well as to move to the self-rule enclave of Jericho as soon as possible. 
Almost one in two Europeans believes the European parliament should be given more powers, according to a poll to be published Wednesday.  But the survey by the Louis Harris polling institute, to be published in seven European newspapers, indicates wide divergences from one country to the other. 
The United States said Tuesday that North Korea's refueling of a nuclear energy facility in defiance of international inspectors could jeopardize any basis for talks between Pyongyang and Washington on normalizing relations.  The White House underlined US concerns after the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Pyongyang had accelerated the pace of removing fuel rods at a facility, which could make it impossible to determine whether plutonium had been diverted to weapons purposes. 
Twenty-five Kurdish rebels and five Turkish troops have died in the latest wave of violence in the southeast of the country, officials said here Tuesday.  The clashes, since early Monday, were between separatists and army forces at Erzincan, where 18 rebels and four soldiers were killed, and at Siirt and Diyarbakir, where seven Kurds and one soldier died. 
Provisional President Emile Jonassaint barred former prime minister Robert Malval and members of his government Tuesday from leaving Haiti.  State-run television announced the order barring the exit of any former officials who had managed government finances under Malval or ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide. 
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Tuesday announced a reorganization of Forza Italia, the political party he created five months ago which is now made up of at least 13,000 clubs.  Berlusconi told a meeting of the Forza senators group that the founding "coordinating committee" would be enlarged. 
The independent British carrier Air UK protested Tuesday at the "arbitrary and discriminatory" conditions set by French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson for flights from London to Paris-Orly, the airport south of the French capital.  Managing director Andrew Gray said in a statement received here that the conditions appeared to have been set deliberately to make the route non-viable for operators such as Air UK. 
Pakistan's opposition on Tuesday accused President Farooq Ahmed Leghari of receiving 15 million rupees (500,000 dollars) in kickbacks in a multi-million dollar banking scandal.  The government labelled the accusation malicious propaganda, after opposition leader Nawaz Sharif attacked the president at a news conference. 
The international community is showing signs of "considerable impatience" with the parties to the Bosnian conflict who now face the "obligation" to conclude a truce at talks in Geneva, the Russian envoy to ex-Yugoslavia, Vitaly Churkin, said here Tuesday.  Speaking after talks with Croatian President Franjo Tudjman, Churkin said he believed obstacles to talks on a cessation of hostilties to have been cleared. 
Dolphin lovers can this week enjoy a guilt-free tunafish sandwich now that the government has banned seafood which has been caught by endangering the marine mammels.  The National Marine Fisheries Service estimates that 90 percent of the tuna sold already meets the requirement, but starting Wednesday only dolphin-safe tuna can be sold, purchased or shipped in the United States under the terms of the 1992 Marine Mammel Protection Act. 
Dan Rostenkowski, a Democratic power broker and point man for President Bill Clinton's health care reform, was indicted Tuesday on 17 counts of corruption.  A federal grand jury handed down the indictment against the chairman of the powerful House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee after Rostenkowski spurned a plea bargain. 
Britain should forget China's Tiananmen Square massacre and concentrate on business with a country that will become one of the world's big powers, former prime minister Edward Heath said Tuesday.  "Let's stop talking about Tiananmen Square. ... These incidents happen, and that was a bad one. ... But as far as the future is concerned, I believe they are equally determined it should not happen again," he said, referring to the  military crack-down on pro- democracy protesters in Tiananmen Square, Beijing, which took place almost exactly five years ago on June 4, 1989. 
A White House aide fired for taking a presidential helicopter to a golf course maintained Tuesday he did nothing wrong, but said he would reimburse the government 13,129 dollars.  "I still contend my actions were in performance with my job," said David Watkins, who was fired last week after news photos showed him and other White House officials at a Maryland golf outing with a presidential helicopters. 
As President Bill Clinton heads to Europe to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Allied invasion of Normandy in World War II, his foreign policy is being increasingly criticized as confused, weak and naive.  Last week his turnabout on China was added to a list of policy changes that have given Clinton's 18-month presidency an image of hesitancy and yielding to pressure. 
A panel investigating the March 23 assassination of front-running presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio disbanded in disgust Tuesday, charging the government failed to cooperate in the probe.  The five-member commission appointed by President Carlos Salinas de Gortari said its probe into the slaying of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) hopeful had no government support or access to the official investigation files. 
The United States said Tuesday that North Korea's refueling of a nuclear energy facility in defiance of international inspectors could jeopardize any basis for talks between Pyongyang and Washington on normalizing relations.  The White House underlined US concerns after the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Pyongyang had accelerated the pace of removing fuel rods at a facility, which could make it impossible to determine whether plutonium had been diverted to weapons purposes. 
Blue-chip stocks drifted higher Tuesday in quiet trading as investors remained on the sidelines awaiting more data on the direction of the US economy.  The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials rose 1.23 points to close at 3,758.37 as trading resumed after the three-day Memorial Day weekend. 
Canadian military veterans voted overwhelmingly Tuesday against allowing Sikhs or members of other religions to wear headgear associated with their religious views inside legion halls.  The controversy was sparked off last year after Remembrance Day services for Canada's war dead. 
The dollar edged higher against major currencies Tuesday in slack trading, as traders snapped up greenbacks to hedge and limit losses.  Gold picked up 2.40 dollars to end at 387.10 dollars per ounce. 
US officials are working to end an interagency dispute over drug policy that led to the cutoff of an intelligence sharing program with Colombia and Peru, a State Department spokeman said Tuesday.  "There is now an interagency discussion about the policy itself," said spokesman Mike McCurry when asked whether the Defense Department had followed policy when it suspended the program on May 1. 
US long-range nuclear missiles are no longer being aimed at the former Soviet Union, officials said Tuesday.  Pentagon spokesman Kathleen deLaski said the move was a symbolic gesture but also a major step following the end of the Cold War. 
Forces opposing Afghan president Burhanuddin Rabbani sent rockets crashing into Kabul Tuesday for the second day in a row, killing six people and wounding 15, state-run Radio Kabul said.  More than 195 rockets were fired from southern posts held by forces loyal to the president's rival, prime minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, according to the broadcast monitored here. 
Dan Rostenkowski, a Democratic power broker and point man for President Bill Clinton's health care reform, was indicted Tuesday on 17 counts of corruption.  A federal grand jury handed down the indictment against the chairman of the powerful House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee after Rostenkowski spurned a plea bargain. 
The Frontline States, a southern African group set up to fight apartheid, is to meet here Friday to review its role following the inauguration of democracy in South Africa, the Zimbabwe government said Tuesday.  The one-day summit, to be attended by South Africa's first black president Nelson Mandela, "will map out new strategies for the group, which previously spearheaded the struggle against colonialism and apartheid in southern Africa," said foreign ministry official Stan Chigwedere. 
Federal and Quebec provincial authorities acknowledged Tuesday the situation on a Mohawk reserve here was painfully similar to four years ago, just before an uprising that left a policeman dead.  The new dispute is over Mohawk plans to extend a tribal cemetary across a paved road into ground owned by the local authorities, and used by a posh golf club. 
Los Angeles police stayed home from work Tuesday by the hundreds to press their demands in contract talks, and threatened to leave World Cup crowds to fend for themselves.  "Those plans are being developed as we speak. The World Cup is going to be the target," said police union vice president Ron Aguilar. 
Two major US pharmaceutical companies warned Tuesday that President Bill Clinton's health care reform plan could blunt the United States' competitive edge in research.  Price controls on drugs -- a key element to the plan currently debated in Congress -- would sharply reduce the incentive for financing research, according to Steven Carter with Bristol-Myers Squibb and Robert Armstrong with Hoffman-La Roche Inc. 
A four-ship US task force with 4,000 Marines and sailors is set to leave Somali waters in the next week, a senior Pentagon official said Tuesday.  The force is led by the San Diego-based amphibious assault ship USS Peleliu, which has been stationed off the east African coast since March. 
President Bill Clinton and Joao Havelange, head of the International Federation of Football Association (FIFA), met briefly early Tuesday.  In a 15-minute get-together that also included Alan Rothenberg, chairman of World Cup USA 1994, Clinton thanked Havelange for bringing the quadrennial sport event to the United States, according to a statement issued by the White House. 
The International Atomic Energy Agency late Tuesday said it was still technically possible to verify if North Korean fuel rods were being used for nuclear weapons, as Pyongyang came under mounting pressure over its nuclear plant.  The IAEA said North Korea had speeded up the removal of fuel rods at its experimental Yongbyon reactor, which could make it impossible to determine whether plutonium had been diverted to weapons use. 
Economic Reform Minister Asdrubal Baptista resigned Tuesday, fewer than 24 hours after President Rafael Caldera named him to the post, officials said.  Baptista came under fire from other memebers of Caldera's economy team for a report issued while he was president of the huge government holding company Confederacion Venezolana de Guayana, known as CVG, presidential palace sources said. 
South Africa must bridge the huge difference in living standards between blacks and whites if it is to complete the successful transition to a post-apartheid society, according to an annual UN report on economic development published Wednesday.  The difference in development between blacks and whites in South Africa is as great as that between Spain and the Congo, say the authors of the 1994 report sponsored by the United Nations Development Programme, warning of the existence "not of two distinct populations but of two distint worlds." 
Tobacco kills almost half a million people per year in the European Community, Social Affairs Commissioner Padraig Flynn said Tuesday on a "day without tobacco" organised by the World Health Organisation.  "This year, in the European Community, almost a million people will learn they have cancer, around 850,000 will succumb to the disease, and close on 250,000 of these deaths will be tobacco-related," the commissioner said in a statement issued here. 
The Security Council decided Tuesday to extend the UN observer mission in Angola for one month, and called for an end to the renewed hostilities in the African country.  The council voted unanimously to extend the 80-member mission until June 30, but said the outbreak of fighting threatened humanitarian assistance. 
A missile fired by north Yemeni forces slammed into Aden, the capital of southern Yemen, early Wednesday, triggering a huge fire near the airport, correspondents reported.  South Yemeni anti-aircraft units had earlier opened fire in an attempt to intercept the missile. 
Seve Ballesteros will be playing in next month's US Open after all. The USGA decided Tuesday to give the Spanish star a special exemption.  American Ben Crenshaw was also given a special exemption by the United States Golf Association. 
British Prime Minister John Major called Tuesday for a new "multi- speed, multi-layered" approach to Europe, saying he did not believe European Union members had to be unanimous on every issue.  His remarks, which come in the run-up to June 9 election to the European parliament, immediately provoked angry protest from opposition MPs, who said he was relegating Britain to the second-rank in Europe. 
A missile fired by north Yemeni forces early Wednesday slammed into Aden, the principal city in southern Yemen, triggering a huge fire near the airport, correspondents reported.  South Yemeni anti-aircraft units had earlier opened fire in an attempt to intercept the missile. 
Canadian Foreign Minister Andre Ouellet said Tuesday his country would continue to expand its trading relations with China despite criticisms of Beijing's human rights record.  Addressing the Canadian Institute of International Affairs, Ouellet said that while his government would continue to press China on its human rights record, Ottawa believed expanding trade would continue to be one of the main priorities. 
Army-backed interim president Emile Jonassaint barred former prime minister Robert Malval and members of his government Tuesday from leaving Haiti.  The United States meanwhile was pursuing a diplomatic initiative to try to build support for tougher enforcement of the UN economic sanctions slapped on Haiti to push the military to restore democracy. 
The Security Council voted unanimously Tuesday to extend the mandate of the UN Operation in Somalia for four months, but under strict conditions sought by the United States.  The terms of the renewal were set out in resolution 923 adopted by the 15-member council, underscoring a new, US-backed drive to establish clear terms for the renewal of UN missions worldwide. 
A majority of Americans believe President Bill Clinton's sex life has nothing to do with his ability to govern and say they would vote for him even if they knew he cheated on his wife, according to a poll published Tuesday.  Seventy-one percent of those surveyed said Clinton's marital fidelity was between him and his wife Hillary and only 35 percent said they would be less likely to vote for him if it was revealed that he had been unfaithful. 
North Korea has put prospects for normalizing its ties with the United States at serious risk by refueling its nuclear plant in defiance of international inspectors, the White House said Tuesday.  Spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers said new talks sought by Pyongyang on helping its economy could be suspended if the communist regime continues to remove fuel rods at the facility without verification that the plutonium has not been diverted to produce weapons. 
The countries of the European Union go into parliamentary elections this month amid a wave of corruption scandals that have challenged the political establishment in many member-states.  In Italy, public disenchantment with corruption swept away the entrenched Christian Democrats and Socialists and replaced them last March with parties that had never ruled before, including the neo- fascists of the National Alliance. 
Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams called late Tuesday for an amnesty for political prisoners, as one of several steps needed to boost the peace process in Northern Ireland.  The "speedy release of all long-term prisoners, pending a full amnesty for all political prisoners, must be matter of urgent concern," Adams told a European Union election meeting held here by Sinn Fein, the political wing of the Irish Republican Army (IRA). 
Italy's new leaders are hoping that US President Bill Clinton's wartime commemoration visit, due to start Thursday, will give a much- needed boost to their credibility after heavy criticism for including neo-fascists in the government.  There are hopes that the trip, the first important diplomatic event since media magnate Sylvio Berlusconi's government was formed on May 10, will help silence warnings from its European partners about the appointment of five ministers from the neo-fascist National Alliance. 
Southern Yemenis have stockpiled enough food and other supplies in their Aden stronghold for at least one year of fighting against their northern rivals, officials here said.  "Goods are flowing in in large quantities. So far, we have got enough supplies for one year at least," Aden port operations chief Captain Abker Hassan Dabla told AFP. 
The Security Council agreed late Tuesday on the text of a draft resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire in Yemen, and the resumption of talks between northen and southern forces, the council president said.  Council president Ibrahim Gambari of Nigeria said the draft resolution should be adopted Wednesday. 
The Security Council agreed Tuesday on the text of a draft resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire in Yemen, and for the resumption of talks between northen and southern forces, the council president said.  Council president Ibrahim Gambari of Nigeria said the draft resolution should be adopted Wednesday. 
The Security Council agreed late Tuesday on the text of a draft resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire in Yemen, and for the resumption of talks between northern and southern forces, the council president said.  Council president Ibrahim Gambari of Nigeria said the draft resolution should be adopted Wednesday. 
The conflict in Yemen has created an acute shortage of medical supplies and other essential goods, prompting the government to appeal to the United Nations for emergency aid.  The war between forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid has forced tens of thousands of people to flee their homes since it broke out on May 5. 
North Korea is prepared to store 40 fuel rods that could eventually be inspected by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), a North Korean diplomat said here Tuesday.  But councillor Yun Ho Jin stressed that such an inspection could only take place after an overall political accord between the United States and North Korea. 
French authorities are mounting an enormous logistics and security operation for D-Day anniversary festivities next week, reminiscient of the precision planning that preceded the Allied landings themselves 50 years ago.  The challenge facing civilian and military planners on June 5 and 6 will be to ensure that an estimated 100,000 people -- including 19 kings, presidents and prime ministers, 30,000 veterans and tens of thousands of officials, celebrities, soldiers and journalists -- can eat, sleep, get around and communicate with as little hassle as possible. 
Japan confirmed Wednesday that North Korea fired an improved version of a "Silkworm" anti-ship missile into the Sea of Japan.  The missile was launched Tuesday from the North Korean port of Wonsan, according to Japanese governement sources quoted by the Japanese public radio-television channel NHK. 
