it is a safe guess that all of florida was ready to relegate 2004, with its freakishly active hurricane season, to the history books. but deltona was especially eager.
now batting: the center fielder, no. 15, carlos beltran, in the cleanup spot.
an overnight standoff between dozens of law enforcement officials and a gunman who shot a local police officer and then took him hostage ended friday when the gunman killed himself, the authorities said.
it was a new year's eve without snow or rock salt, but the 50-degree weather friday allowed new york to ring in 2005 with more of another favorite street accessory: the sawhorse.
the new york times said in an editorial for saturday, jan. 1:
the new york times said in an editorial for saturday, jan. 1:
the new york times said in an editorial for saturday, jan. 1:
jimmy remedies and his roommate, jeremy ackerman, were ready for action as they braved the masses at an h-e-b grocery store friday.
before the first pacific-10 conference game in the careers of freshmen guards arron afflalo and jordan farmar loomed, both said they didn't expect anything different than what they encountered in nonleague play.
usc's men's basketball team had the lead, the ball and the chance to show they could play with the oregons of the pac-10 world.
nothing will be new for adrian peterson on tuesday night. first, he'll have to run away from usc tackles shaun cody and mike patterson. then matt grootegoed and lofa tatupu might pop up from linebacker. a moment later, darnell bing may show up from safety.
the dodgers are believed to be closing in on a revised and dramatically scaled-down version of the three-team trade from which they abruptly withdrew last week. officially, this one isn't a three-team trade at all, but it certainly smacks of one.
the orange hats were bothering regis philbin. they were puffy, pompommed and jester-style, and the discover card company had managed to distribute them early on to what looked like three-quarters of the million people reported to be in times square on friday night.
the dodgers are believed to be closing in on a revised and dramatically scaled-down version of the three-team trade from which they abruptly withdrew last week. officially, this one isn't a three-team trade at all, but it certainly smacks of one.
for a newspaperman, forecasting events is a blunt technology, a bit more precise than a call to the psychic friends network.
she is cute as a button, with pretty earrings and short hair. she is 2 or 3, too young even to tell nurses her name. no one knows if her parents are dead or alive.
what follows in the wake of a tsunami? the death of a nation? secessionist warfare or, conversely, the unexpected drift of warring parties toward a peace table? a surge in islamic fundamentalism?
with the exception of a few democratic outliers in ohio, few people dispute that the election for president is done and decided: president bush won and john kerry lost.
after an earthquake in the indian ocean sent tsunamis smashing into coastal asia and east africa, much of the initial information about what had happened came from the world wide web, especially from the personal journals called web logs, or blogs. here are excerpts from web postings about the catastrophe.
in business and finance, a powerful orthodoxy has long held that bigger is better.
palestinians began the post-arafat political era in a modest way, voting for municipal councils in 26 west bank cities and towns.
please, please take your seats. it's time for a toast.
they have met on the internet and on cross-country road trips. but mostly they find one another at the funerals.
rainstorms battered the tsunami-ravaged areas of indonesia on saturday and caused flash floods in sri lanka, and a powerful aftershock hit the northern coast of aceh province, complicating the enormous international effort to deliver desperately needed water, food and medical care.
mountains of black mud and debris covered this once bustling sea town on saturday, one of the worst-hit areas from last sunday's undersea quake, whose epicenter just 90 miles offshore swept mammoth walls of water across indonesia's remote western coast.
for the first time in a decade, a new oil territory is opening up. reopening, that is.
jacques rafael stood in front of the moderne store in downtown port-au-prince where his boss, a 52-year-old grandmother, was recently shot to death by members of the gangs who control this city's slums.
mountains of black mud and debris covered this once bustling sea town on saturday, one of the worst-hit areas from last sunday's undersea quake, whose epicenter just 90 miles offshore swept mammoth walls of water across indonesia's remote western coast.
for the first time in a decade, a new oil territory is opening up. reopening, that is.
mahmoud abbas, the front-runner in the palestinian presidential race, received a raucous welcome and was raised onto the shoulders of palestinian gunmen as he campaigned saturday in the southern gaza strip, the scene of chronic fighting.
mahmoud abbas, the front-runner in the palestinian presidential race, received a raucous welcome and was raised onto the shoulders of palestinian gunmen as he campaigned saturday in the southern gaza strip, the scene of chronic fighting.
this city never was the seaside nirvana its promoters sold, but its residents were blithely content to believe the myth, as long as the sun kept shining, the snowbirds kept spending and the real estate values kept rising.
zhao zhizhen, the director of a local television station in wuhan, china, was in new haven, conn., last summer, spending time with his daughter after seeing her graduate from yale. followers of falun gong, a spiritual practice banned in china, served him with a federal lawsuit.
chicago, which had the unwanted distinction of having more homicides than any other city in the nation a year ago, seems in a single year to have undergone a remarkable turnaround, with killings in 2004 at their lowest tally since 1965.
chicago, which had the unwanted distinction of having more homicides than any other city in the nation a year ago, seems in a single year to have undergone a remarkable turnaround, with killings in 2004 at their lowest tally since 1965.
a more republican and more conservative congress convenes on tuesday, with republicans intending to use their greater strength in the house and senate to help president bush pursue a second-term agenda of major changes in bedrock programs like social security and income taxes.
the rulings of the national labor relations board have poured out one after another in recent months, with many decisions tilting in favor of employers.
seen from the air, the margo desert, which sprawls across the far southwestern corner of afghanistan toward the borders with iran and pakistan, is traced with white car tracks.
seen from the air, the margo desert, which sprawls across the far southwestern corner of afghanistan toward the borders with iran and pakistan, is traced with white car tracks.
the rulings of the national labor relations board have poured out one after another in recent months, with many decisions tilting in favor of employers.
those hankering for a 17,000-square-foot spanish colonial freebie -- a 35-room mansion with wood-beamed ceilings designed in 1926 by a famous california architect -- may be in luck.
the police station was empty, and the door was bolted. soldiers brought forward a heavy explosive charge and asked permission to blow it open.
it lasted only for a few hours, but the situation that unfolded in an isolated elementary school in the town of sagaman on sri lanka's devastated east coast on friday is just what public health workers fear.
substantial aid finally began reaching desperate refugees in devastated areas of northern sumatra on saturday as u.s. warships, led by the aircraft carrier abraham lincoln, arrived in the straits of malacca and a fleet of helicopters airlifted critical supplies to stricken towns in aceh province.
this city never was the seaside nirvana its promoters sold, but its residents were content to believe the myth, as long as the sun kept shining and the real estate values kept rising.
paul a. volcker, the former federal reserve chairman and head of an inquiry into the oil-for-food program in iraq, sat waiting his turn to brief reporters one morning as a u.n. spokesman recited the daily litany of field reports from the world's most blighted spots.
substantial aid finally began reaching desperate refugees in devastated areas of northern sumatra on saturday as u.s. warships, led by the aircraft carrier abraham lincoln, arrived offshore and a fleet of helicopters airlifted critical supplies to stricken towns in aceh province.
jan egeland, the united nations' emergency relief coordinator, said saturday that the commitment of assistance money from more than 40 nations to victims of the tsunami in southeast asia had reached $2 billion, but he said the scale of the response was overwhelming the capacity to deliver aid.
as the number of u.s. troops killed in iraq has risen above 1,300, mothers of the dead have built a grim community of their own, separated by geography, but bound together by death. some have met in pews at funerals, with the simplest introduction: i lost my son, too.
woman overcomes injuries and becomes honor student. .
here is a listing of the new york times news service macintosh graphics files that moved saturday, 01/01/05. included is the corresponding story slug and the size. all graphics have been posted on presslink, newscom and the wieck photo database.
terror-tape-nyt (moved oct. 29)
a couple of days ago i spoke with terry bradway, the jets' general manager, about my perception of their malaise on offense.
jan egeland, the united nations' emergency relief coordinator, said saturday that the commitment of assistance money from more than 40 nations to victims of the tsunami in southeast asia had reached $2 billion, but he said the scale of the response was overwhelming the capacity to deliver aid.
jacques rafael stood in front of the moderne store in downtown port-au-prince where his boss, a 52-year-old grandmother, was recently shot to death by members of the gangs who control this city's slums.
it lasted only for a few hours, but the situation that unfolded in an isolated elementary school in the town of sagaman on sri lanka's devastated east coast on friday is just what public health workers fear.
not too many defensive linemen get to finish their college career by making a play their coach describes as "probably the difference in the ball game." but there haven't been many college players like david pollack.
last year, the san francisco chronicle named new york attorney general eliot spitzer businessperson of 2003 for uncovering abuses in the mutual fund industry.
jeff zimmerman's recent baseball biography reads like a broken record, or in a more modern idiom, "groundhog day."
sharper image jumped on the ipod bandwagon just in time for the holidays. but the hottest gift of the year was no bonanza for the san francisco retailer, better known for high-end air purifiers, massage chairs and compact stereos.
the investment market for san francisco bay area commercial property soared to new heights in 2004.
a more republican and more conservative congress convenes on tuesday, with republicans intending to use their greater strength in the house and senate to help president bush pursue a second-term agenda of major changes in bedrock programs like social security and income taxes.
rocky white is an unlikely radical.
the orange hats were bothering regis philbin. they were puffy, pompommed and jester-style, and the discover card company had managed to distribute them early on to what looked like three-quarters of the million people reported to be in times square on friday night.
the public-address announcer repeated his name so many times that it had almost begun to resemble a chant. "tackle by jonathan vilma" would echo through ralph wilson stadium in orchard park, n.y., where the jets faced the bills on nov. 7.
mahmoud abbas, the front-runner in the palestinian presidential race, said saturday that the palestinian leadership had a duty to protect militants wanted by israel and indicated that he did not intend to crack down on them.
zhao zhizhen, the director of a local television station in wuhan, china, was in new haven, conn., last summer when followers of falun gong, a spiritual practice banned in china, served him with a federal lawsuit.
zhao zhizhen, the director of a local television station in wuhan, china, was in new haven, conn., last summer, spending time with his daughter after seeing her graduate from yale. followers of falun gong, a spiritual practice banned in china, served him with a federal lawsuit.
monday, the day after an earthquake and tsunamis killed 123,000 south asians, a united nations official accused the united states and other wealthy countries of being "stingy" with assistance for the world's poor.
the new delphi myfi portable satellite radio puts the future of radio in the palm of your hand.
at the consumer electronics show six years ago, tivo introduced a digital video recorder that has since changed the way some 2 million loyal customers record and watch television.
they live at opposite ends of the football universe, their seasons as dissimilar as they could be. indianapolis quarterback peyton manning is enjoying a record-setting run that has people debating whether he is the best quarterback ever.
georgia's defense threatened to blow wisconsin out of the outback bowl saturday. but it was the bulldogs' offense that held on for a 24-21 victory.
in his 24-year odyssey through higher education as president at brown, ohio state, colorado and west virginia, gordon gee, now chancellor at vanderbilt, maintains he has always had one aspiration.
the topic of discussion saturday morning at the lakers' first practice of 2005 was kobe bryant and his still-evolving role, the same thing that could be talked about every new year's day from now through 2011.
the 'party patrol' comes crashing in
it's on the 2005 calendar, so consider yourself warned:
steve francis surveys his winding career path and concludes, earnestly, that being traded was the best thing to happen to him. twice.
al borges, auburn's offensive coordinator, stood on the 50-yard line at the superdome on saturday afternoon and pretended for a moment that he was carnell williams, the tigers' all-american running back.
at first, the giant tricycles did not seem quite so threatening.
phuket, thailand - day after day, the bodies keep arriving at wat lam kaen.
stockholm {ndash}the tsunami that swept away so many lives in asia has carried waves of grief to sweden, with the country confronting what one government official described saturday as "sept. 11 levels of casualties."
spectacle island is tidy and terraced now, planted with sumac and pine trees for its planned reincarnation this year as the gateway jewel of the boston harbor islands national park area.
the new york times said in an editorial for sunday, jan. 2:
brookline, mass. - the tears still welled in david ganz's eyes when the film ended, though it was the fourth time he had watched "paper clips."
maria cotoia wanted a safe, if out-of-fashion, minivan. her husband wanted to cling to the family suv because he thought it was safer, more secure. she won. but they both got what they wanted.
northampton, mass. - until this year, the smith college students living in wilder house used to eat dinner like an old-fashioned family, gathering in their dorm's quaint dining room at the same time every night and lingering in conversation long after the food was gone.
the new york times said in an editorial for sunday, jan. 2:
as the close of the year brings home the lesson of the mighty and unpredictable power of nature, it also serves to remind us that we are sometimes the guardians, as well as the subjects, of the natural order.
despite the successful freeing of an entangled right whale on new year's eve, evidence is growing that more of the leviathans are being snagged by the thousands of miles of fishing rope off new england and the eastern seaboard.
bobby simmons had moderate, but not tremendous, success during his college career at depaul.
wearing his no. 5 and doing just about anything he wants on a football field, southern california tailback reggie bush looks like another no. 5, a player that once riddled defenses in fort worth, texas, and has gone on to become an nfl star.
there's just no way. no matter how many times you look at matt grootegoed, it's the same stunned, dumbfounded reaction.
nearly every analysis of usc and oklahoma talks about how alike the teams are at every position.
it's been a sort of yin and yang year in the nfl, where the good and the bad, the haves and the have-nots, have not longed for each other. in fact, they seem to have walked in lockstep through the pages of the calendar.
with the vote to choose a palestinian president only a week away, an outsider accustomed to hard-hitting u.s. politics would be in for a shock.
if anything, texas tech's history-making holiday bowl victory thursday proved this:
mercifully, it will soon be over, this squandered cowboys season.
the texas a&amp;m players couldn't come up with any explanations. balls just bounced off shoulder pads. or were jarred loose. or slipped through their fingers.
if the bowl season is a look ahead to the 2005 season and the preseason heisman candidates, reggie mcneal didn't exactly hurt his campaign with his cotton bowl performance. but the junior quarterback didn't help it much either.
in a postgame news conference saturday, texas tech guard ronald ross and forward devonne giles were asked what they had for breakfast.
please remove the university of texas from "america's most unwanted" list when it comes to a bowl game that matters.
vince young's rose bowl performance was so stunning saturday night, chants of "mvp!" would not suffice for the once-embattled starting quarterback of the texas longhorns.
michael hart put his head down and made a dash for the southwest corner of the rose bowl on saturday. the michigan running back wanted to exit as soon as possible -- seconds earlier, his 18-year-old heart was broken by a last-second field goal that gave texas a 38-37 victory.
there was something about that michigan jersey with the no. 1 on it that drew a crowd saturday afternoon in the rose bowl.
after sunday's game against the san francisco 49ers, patriots right tackle brandon gorin will have a bull's-eye on his back for the playoffs.
shifting his weight from right to left and glancing repeatedly at his cellphone, al jefferson looked a bit distracted around 3 p.m. saturday. that was understandable. the celtics' rookie big man had to rush home and pack before catching the team charter to detroit in an hour.
mercifully, a long season of frustration comes to an end sunday for the san francisco bottom-liners, but the misery will linger.
what better way to start the new year than to reopen a quarter-century-old feud? after staying silent for 25 years on the subject -- or so he says -- former celtics owner john y. brown has had enough.
a few stories terry francona never told as he was guiding the red sox to their first world championship since the inventions of traffic signals, frozen food, and bubble gum:
so this is what happens when two of college football's winningest teams finally meet after 2,281 games: one of the most exciting finishes in the rose bowl's long and storied history.
two days before college football's biggest game of the season -- the bcs national championship orange bowl matchup between no. 1 southern cal and no. 2 oklahoma -- college football itself is again on the precipice of chaos.
vince young's feet brought texas back from the brink of defeat. dusty mangum's leg put it over the top.
more than 40,000 red-clad utah fans showed up at sun devil stadium saturday night to throw a farewell party for their coach.
sen. bill frist, r-tenn., the majority leader, accidentally ran a test of president bush's plans for social security. the test was about as encouraging as the tests of the missile defense system.
in an impulsive act of frustration and anger, angie's mom kicked their 7-week-old puppy against the wall. the dog has just urinated on the family's newly installed carpet.
despite the strongest global economic growth since the 1970s and outsized gains in corporate profits, 2004 was a decidedly ho-hum year for international stock markets, which took their cues from wall street.
two hundred years ago, in the winter of 1804-1805, a shoshone indian teenager met two explorers who were waiting for harsh winter weather to clear up. soon they realized this young woman could help them.
almost 30 years after u.s. military action officially ended in vietnam the contention over that divisive war remains white-hot.
five years after the bull market, individual investors are approaching stocks gingerly.
commodities are likely to resume multiyear rallies once a retrenchment that has gripped many markets runs its course, giving investors an opportunity to profit, analysts, economists and fund managers say.
bc-new&amp;notable-azr anne stephenson reviews new books in 'new &amp; notable' (duplication warning: moving in "e," "l," "k" and "f" categories) by anne stephenson here are anne stephenson's capsule reviews of four new books:
rising interest rates are an obvious concern for bond investors this year. but rising rates were also a threat in 2004 and turned out to be only that -- a threat. in fact, wall street forecasts of bond market trouble have been wrong since 2002.
if the pessimistic pundits are right, the battered dollar could set records this year.
here are the stories new york times editors are considering for the page 1 of monday, jan. 3. the n.y. times news service night supervisor is lynn hoogenboom, followed by jesse mayshark; phone: (888) 346-9867; e-mail: lyhoog@nytimes.com and mayshark@nytimes.com.
state highway 160 twists its way up the side of black mountain until the road practically bumps into blue skies.
value-size. super-size. biggie.
supersized portions are one reason for an increasing number of overweight americans. even if we don't clean our plate, we're still more likely to overeat, some research indicates.
the founders of powerplay capital management -- charles t. gholl, dave christian and mike ramsey -- know something about pressure.
here are other suggestions for choosing the correct portion size.
so you want to be a meteorologist, the first one on your block to really know what the weather will be?
dead people sure are chatty in the movies and on television, aren't they?
it was a year that people in the oil markets are unlikely to forget -- a year that prices set records, forecasts lost touch with reality, and almost everything that could go wrong, did. it was also a year that politics returned to the oil market.
expected dates for the release of major economic indicators this week.
in the year 2015, babes barely able to talk will attend school, checkbooks could be a not-so-fond memory, doctors might have the ability to zap cells gone awry, and cars will drive themselves -- or maybe even fly.
this is going to be the year the world learns to live with a cheaper dollar. how well it does that may have a profound effect on prospects for continued world growth. that, at least, is the predominant opinion as 2005 begins.
it was one of the surprises of 2004 for the energy world: as prices surged to records during the summer, opec nations shifted gears and pumped as much oil as they could in an attempt to stem the rise.
during my freshman year of college, a guy came up to me with a credit card application and a free t-shirt.
the world's daily oil consumption is expected to climb to 121 million barrels in 2030, from about 82 million barrels in 2004, according to the international energy agency.
atlanta --
it was the first press conference of peach bowl week, a handful of reporters sitting in a georgia dome meeting room as the coach and two players were introduced.
three artists in minneapolis are trying to breathe new life into the art of preserving the dead. dead animals, that is.
turks like to tell visitors that their country, with its rich heritage of antiquities and centuries-old religious sites, is one big, permanent open-air museum.
how is mannie fresh hyping his debut solo album? with some reverse psychology, it seems. "i finally bowed down and did it," he told xxl magazine, but he made his reluctance clear: "the rap part of it, that's not really me, you know. it's nothing i'm really in love with."
no matter who you are, someone has designed a yoga class just for you.
like so many of us, allison dubois sees dead people.
the first automobile to use air-filled tires was a racecar built by andre and edouard michelin in the early 1890s. more than a century later, the french company founded by the michelin brothers is so identified with pneumatic tires that its mascot, bibendum, is a man made of little else.
two revered tibetan buddhist teachers will visit palm beach county this week for their annual winter retreat, bringing together buddhists from across the country for eight days of teachings, meditation and study time with "the khenpos," or the abbots.
rossouw botha, beefy and billiard-ball bald, leafed through his list of customers at redneck tactical supplies, dismay in his eyes, contempt in his voice, even though he was mostly repeating two words, over and over.
working with a team of 85 investigators, colorado is aggressively collecting restitution from criminals -- an effort that is drawing national praise.
on the scenic loop through the davis mountains, a few miles west of the mcdonald observatory, the roadway dips into madera canyon and crosses a major creek that, a century ago, held rio grande cutthroat trout.
insurgents pressed their campaign to demolish the fledgling iraqi security forces on sunday, killing 18 members of the iraqi national guard and a civilian with a suicide car bomb north of baghdad, the u.s. army said.
jason white, the 2003 heisman trophy winner, would never presume to give advice to matt leinart, the 2004 winner.
it's practice time at southern california, and there goes a guy flying over the line on a goal-line stand. don't hit him too hard, though, you trojans linebackers. that's your head coach.
providing psychological services for millions who have lost family members, homes and communities in sri lanka, indonesia and other countries will become critical in the coming weeks, officials from the world health organization, unicef and other relief agencies say.
providing psychological services for millions who have lost family members, homes and communities in sri lanka, indonesia and other countries will become critical in the coming weeks, officials from the world health organization, unicef and other relief agencies say.
kelsey grammer will be the emcee at a kickoff inaugural gala honoring the military, the rap artist kid rock will perform at an inaugural youth concert and president bush's most reliable fund-raisers have so far collected $15 million for three days of meticulously planned parties to celebrate his second swearing-in.
in 2004, politics returned to the oil market, and the trend is likely to continue, experts say.
there are two kinds of families in this village: the relatively rich, who live in tiled villas with air conditioning, and those who still hunt in the wooded hills with bow and arrow and send their sons off to become buddhist monks when there are too many mouths to feed.
anyone have $200,500 left over in petty cash after the christmas bills are paid in full?
mahmud abbas, the favorite in the impending palestinian presidential election, visited the northern gaza strip on sunday and called on militants to stop firing rockets at israel, labeling the attacks "useless." his remarks came just hours after the latest salvos prompted a brief israeli incursion in the area.
as the horror of the south asian tsunami spread and people gathered online to discuss the disaster on sites known as web logs, or blogs, those of a political bent naturally turned the discussion to their favorite topics.
insurgents pressed their campaign to demolish the fledgling iraqi security forces on sunday, killing 18 members of the iraqi national guard and a civilian with a suicide car bomb north of baghdad, the u.s. army said.
as the horror of the south asian tsunami spread and people gathered online to discuss the disaster on sites known as web logs, or blogs, those of a political bent naturally turned the discussion to their favorite topics.
the basque region's declaration last week that it has the right to secede from spain has pushed prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero toward the first crisis of his tenure, political analysts say.
a major dam project suspended earlier this year by prime minister wen jiabao is now the focus of a bureaucratic fight between pro-development advocates pushing to restart the project and environmentalists who want public hearings and further research.
if the pessimistic pundits are right, the battered dollar could set records this year.
without realizing it, karin svaerd, a swedish tourist in thailand, became an icon -- first of loss, then of survival.
this is going to be the year the world learns to live with a cheaper dollar. how well it does that may have a profound effect on prospects for continued world growth. that, at least, is the predominant opinion as 2005 begins.
when the senate judiciary committee begins hearings on thursday to consider president bush's nomination of alberto r. gonzales to be attorney general, two starkly different portraits of the man will be on display.
auburn coach tommy tuberville continues to make a passionate plea for his 12-0 team. he insists that his third-ranked tigers should be playing for the national title, and as long as he is asked about it, tuberville will not surrender his cause.
this may have been channing crowder's last game in a florida uniform.
the russian woman in the cafe was in tears, her tea cooling, her potato salad untouched. she had just endured an hourlong interrogation by a south korean investigator about her role in sheltering a north korean defector.
the international lifeline to save 5 million victims of the indian ocean tsunami gathered strength on land, sea and air on sunday, as cargo-laden ships and planes converged on stricken coasts in indonesia and other countries, and helicopters ferried food, water and medicines to desperate, isolated survivors.
a deal that would name the veteran talent manager brad grey to head paramount pictures, a studio that has suffered a string of box office flops in recent years, is almost finished, people involved in it said sunday.
aspiring actors are accustomed to having doors slammed in their faces, but lately in a modest club in the east village, a few have been doing some slamming of their own.
the basque region's declaration last week that it has the right to secede from spain has pushed prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero toward the first crisis of his tenure, political analysts say.
the russian woman in the cafe was in tears. she had just endured an hourlong interrogation by a south korean investigator about her role in sheltering a north korean defector.
to drive just a mile in from the shore where a tsunami came roaring in just over a week ago is to feel the calm apart from the storm.
bc-fbc-state-troopers (moved. dec. 31)
by the time dusty mangum's partially blocked field-goal try struggled over the crossbar as one of the prettiest ugly kicks in school history, texas' wild celebration to begin the new year in the cool california evening was on.
when the senate judiciary committee begins hearings on thursday to consider president bush's nomination of alberto r. gonzales to be attorney general, two starkly different portraits of the man will be on display.
think he's shaking yet? the kid's knees are knocking like a bad drum set? just thinking, just wondering, !ital!what if?
auburn is holding out hope against hope.
a deal that would name the veteran talent manager brad grey to head paramount pictures, a studio that has suffered a string of box office flops in recent years, is almost finished, people involved in it said sunday.
a retired federal judge who has dementia and lives in a nursing home is at the center of a legal debate that could have a far-reaching effect on the care of patients with alzheimer's disease.
go ahead and place a big ol' asterisk next to this one.
a major dam project suspended last year by prime minister wen jiabao is now the focus of a bureaucratic fight between pro-development advocates pushing to restart the project and environmentalists who want public hearings and further research.
joseph durso, a former sportswriter and editor at the new york times and the author of many books on sports history, died friday at university hospital in stony brook, n.y. durso, who lived in nissequogue, n.y., was 80.
disappointed, but calm and forthright in the aftermath of saturday's cotton bowl loss to tennessee, texas a&amp;m coach dennis franchione rated his 2004 team, on a 10-point scale, a six, maybe a seven.
cargo-laden ships and planes converged sunday on stricken coasts in indonesia and other countries, and helicopters ferried food, water and medicines to desperate, isolated survivors.
without realizing it, karin svaerd, a swedish tourist in thailand, became an icon -- first of loss, then of survival.
dennis hastert, the speaker of the house, is accustomed to legislative requests from president bush. but as he was escorting hastert to the oval office one day last month to discuss a pending bill, bush, aware that hastert was thinking of retiring in 2006, asked a more personal favor.
this empty door frame, standing alone without a wall, is where her sister struggled for her life against the rising water before she drowned.
there was plenty of talk last week about all the little things that were going to have to happen for the carolina panthers to make the playoffs. whoops. turns out there was a pretty big one, too.
well, they didn't do it.
steven cohen is a former federal prosecutor who has become all but obsessed with a case in new york in which he believes two men are serving long prison sentences for a murder they didn't commit.
this empty door frame, standing alone without a wall, is where her sister struggled for her life against the rising water before she drowned.
the meeting of veteran foreign policy experts in a manhattan apartment one recent sunday was held in strict secrecy. the guest of honor arrived without his usual retinue of aides.
texas had ridden the strong runs of tailback cedric benson and the dogged pursuit of linebacker derrick johnson in each of its 10 regular-season victories this season.
with aid now piling up in warehouses and on tarmacs around the indian ocean, officials are trying to avert a second potential tragedy that often strikes in the aftermath of disaster: a lack of coordination among those seeking to do good.
an inquiring mind wanted to know if oklahoma coach bob stoops felt his defense really has the credentials necessary to deal with southern california's many and varied offensive weapons in tuesday's orange bowl.
when mark bradley slips into his no. 1 oklahoma jersey for the final time tuesday night and tries to win a national championship in the orange bowl, he'll be following in the footsteps of his father 20 years ago.
nearly a decade ago, a mixture of religious devotion and desperation prompted meles mandefro to sell off his family's possessions, abandon his farmland in rural ethiopia and move to this crowded capital, where he and his family settled in a hovel on a hillside near the israeli embassy.
with aid now piling up in warehouses and on tarmacs around the indian ocean, officials are trying to avert a second potential tragedy that often strikes in the aftermath of disaster: a lack of coordination among those seeking to do good.
carrie reiger, 28, stood in front of a classroom full of teenagers at lynn english high school and told them to resist hormones, peer pressure, and a pop culture that portrays teenage sex as cool and mainstream.
the meeting of veteran foreign policy experts in a manhattan apartment one recent sunday was held in strict secrecy. the guest of honor arrived without his usual retinue of aides.
the first weekend of the pacific-10 conference season might not have been so bad for the usc men's basketball team if the trojans weren't facing such heavyweights on their upcoming schedule.
here is a listing of the new york times news service macintosh graphics files that moved sunday, 01/02/05. included is the corresponding story slug and the size. all graphics have been posted on presslink, newscom and the wieck photo database.
since this nation's new gun-ownership law took effect aug. 1, firearms sales, once 15,000 a month, have fallen to near zero because of the law's imposing regulatory hurdles and the glacial government bureaucracy that oversees them.
look for him among the auburn faithful on monday. the rev. chette williams is the one with access to the team's football practices, its athletic facility, its bus and the most intimate details of its players' lives.
family and friends of five scallopers who perished on de gathered yesterday at seamen's bethel in new bedford.
with a new legislature convening this week, massachusetts judges are mounting a campaign for a $34,000-a-year pay raise, but their effort faces a tough battle to overcome both a state budget deficit and political tensions between the judicial branch and beacon hill.
without its leading scorer, florida's mens basketball team came into its game with florida state leaning on the confidence of a six-game winning steak.
with a new legislature convening this week, massachusetts judges are mounting a campaign for a $34,000-a-year pay raise, but their effort faces a tough battle to overcome both a state budget deficit and political tensions between the judicial branch and beacon hill.
it seemed the perfect day for a little urban spelunking - exploring abandoned buildings or, in this case, a construction site, for signs of times gone by.
burlington - sitting cross-legged in rust-colored robes, three buddhist monks chanted prayers of peace for the victims of the south asian tsunamis, prayers of thanks for those who were spared.
stockholm - the question rises from the rubble of the earthquake in sumatra. it echoes on the indian ocean shores where bodies are still piled high and in homes halfway around the world where loved ones wait for news of the missing: how could god let this happen?
as this most unusual college football season raced to the end with five undefeated teams, there appeared to be even more hand-wringing than usual about the bowl championship series.
with congress returning on tuesday, and democrats promising a fight over social security, dennis hastert, the speaker of the house, has emerged as the man bush is counting on to enact his ambitious second-term agenda.
hollywood set a new single-year box office revenue record of $9.4 billion in 2004, thanks, in part, to the staggering popularity of the comedy "meet the fockers," which gave year-end ticket sales an unexpected boost, according to figures released sunday.
they were in. even as sunday's game with the rams seeped from an end-of-regulation tie into overtime, the jets, by virtue of buffalo's loss to pittsburgh, had gained a spot in the american football conference playoffs.
reached late sunday night at his farm in israel -- where mediterranean breezes bring him the sounds of palestinian rockets aimed at the nearby town of sderot -- prime minister ariel sharon says, "i might not have a majority in the knesset."
on the jets' sideline, wayne chrebet, wearing a visor instead of his helmet, was standing by himself when jerricho cotchery walked over.
with wind and rain lashing ralph wilson stadium and the clock ticking down on the bills' season, drew bledsoe took a snap near midfield and turned to his right, ready to tuck the ball into the arms of a buffalo running back.
the last image the new york jets will take into their playoff game against the san diego chargers is that of a football flying through the uprights, one final indignity in a monthlong slide.
(phoenix) - the holidays may be over, but air passengers and city commuters are not in the clear yet.
for the third consecutive quarter, the average sales price of an apartment in most of manhattan breached the $1 million barrier, although it slipped slightly from the previous quarter, according to an appraiser's report scheduled for release monday.
los angeles county firefighters and badge-carrying sheriff's employees receive lucrative disability pensions at rates two to three times higher than their city and state counterparts', an analysis shows.
pornography, which surged into one of the biggest businesses on the internet, is now headed to cell phones.
a selection of summaries from the new york times book review:
(flagstaff, ariz.) - as coconino county sheriff joe richards slides on his 10-gallon hat and drives down old route 66, the memories roll off his tongue rapid-fire.
(phoenix) - the holidays may be over, but air passengers and city commuters are not in the clear yet.
(phoenix) - most international students coming to arizona plan to graduate with degrees from one of the state's three universities, but a growing number are going through maricopa community colleges before tossing their graduation caps in the air.
(phoenix) - arizona's 13,000-member hindu community dreams of turning a swath of desert 30 miles south of chandler into a spiritual landmark. it is raising funds to build the state's first traditional hindu temple.
(phoenix) - much like a tired boxer leaning against the ropes, the state's aims test is gasping for air. in a few weeks, it will have to endure a body blow from the left and the right if it wants to survive as arizona's graduation exam.
(phoenix) - "seeing my life on tv is weirder than seeing dead people," allison dubois says.
a year ago, with one game to go in what would be a 4-12 season and coach jim fassel making his tortured exit, john mara, the giants' executive vice president, called them a team "in trouble."
with a few strategic tucks at the legs and sleeves, the marine uniform that pfc. eric ayon wore so proudly fits 8-year-old joshua just right.
the new york times said in an editorial for monday, jan.3:
at the end of an otherwise lost season for the giants, running back tiki barber gave his team something to cheer about, running for the winning touchdown with less than a minute remaining in a 28-24 victory over the cowboys on sunday night.
it wasn't the shot drawn up by ucla coach ben howland in the huddle, and brian morrison figures if he missed, he would have quickly found himself on the bench. or, at least, his ears would be ringing, from the mcarthur court crowd and from his coach.
jonathan heard did just about everything sunday. the cal state northridge freshman scored 19 points with six steals, three rebounds, two assists and two blocks. the matadome crowd of 1,024 probably won't remember any of those statistics.
shirley chisholm, the first black woman to serve in congress and the first woman to seek the presidential nomination of a major party, died on saturday night at her home in florida. she was 80.she had suffered several strokes recently, according to a former staff member, william howard.
the crowd was split between cheers and chants of "coop" during pregame introductions but there wasn't a lot of sentimentality sunday for michael cooper as he returned to staples center for the first time as an nba head coach.
atlantic city has finally found something about las vegas that it doesn't want to copy: the way it looks.
carol bellamy, who has been responding to natural and man-made disasters for a decade as the executive director of unicef, took time out before leaving to visit sri lanka and indonesia to talk about disaster relief, and how those want to help can be effective. or ineffective.
in an otherwise lost season, the last play the giants ran became their most memorable.
the answer: spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, and spam.
leslie gourse, a prolific author best known for her biographies of a wide range of jazz musicians and singers, died dec. 23 at her home in manhattan. she was 65.
let's do it again.
steven parrino, an artist and musician who imbued abstract work in several mediums with a relentless if oddly energetic punk nihilism, died early saturday morning in a traffic accident near his home in greenpoint, brooklyn. he was 46.
underscoring their desire to unload shawn green's $16 million salary and free up money to pursue starting pitching, the dodgers are believed to have agreed in principle on a second trade that potentially would send green to arizona in the event the first trade falls through.
let the blood flow, the contempt seethe and the violence intensify.
the turning point in sunday night's game came less than three minutes into the third quarter. that's when gary payton limped to the visitors' locker room after suffering a strained left hamstring.
rohan davey understands the position he's in.
northeastern and binghamton were locked in a back-and-forth struggle before jose juan barea took charge. the junior guard scored 15 of his game-high 28 points in the final five minutes to lead the huskies to a 75-68 victory at solomon court sunday.
for his first game in los angeles as an nba coach, michael cooper had a larger-than-usual group of reporters waiting for him sunday night after the lakers' 99-91 victory over the denver nuggets at staples center.
shirley chisholm, the first black woman to serve in congress and the first woman to seek the democratic presidential nomination, died on saturday night at her home in ormond beach, fla. she was 80. she had suffered several strokes recently, according to a former staff member, william howard.
a weekly column featuring readers' reports on life in the big apple.
although texas has shown its visitors the door quickly this season, unlv stayed long past its welcome sunday night -- until p.j. tucker finally ran the runnin' rebels out of town.
for the past few weeks and months, vinny testaverde wasn't sure if there would be a 19th season in his career. now he sounds like that is inevitable.
got any jumper cables?
while it is an unforgivable exaggeration to say the seahawks cannot be stopped, it is inarguable that the nfl season cannot be stopped.
after boston university's 2-1 loss to minnesota sunday night at walter brown arena, the last game bu will play at the babcock street building, nearly half of the terrier squad trudged down the runway to their locker room.
editors:
the best minds of the u.s. government -- ok, so it's a slow league -- are working on ways to imprison folks from other countries for life, without trials and perhaps without ever even acknowledging that we are holding them.
i tried to keep my spirits up during the holiday season. really i did. but i was haunted -- still am, actually -- by a heart-wrenching story i read the day before christmas.
editors,
here's a great choice if you're in the market for a minivan: the 2005 toyota sienna.
the package: front- or all-wheel-drive, v-6 powered, five-door, seven- or eight-passenger minivan.
insurgents continued to press their campaign to demolish the fledgling iraqi security forces monday, killing up to 17 iraqis, including three in a suicide car bombing near prime minister ayad allawi's party headquarters in baghdad.
publix super markets will be offering more "sabor," or flavor, on its shelves when it breaks new grocery ground by launching its store-brand hispanic products this year.
in the next week or so, the north american car and truck of the year awards will be announced at the detroit auto show, chosen by a panel of auto writers from across the nation.
repeating to include dateline (attn. lakeland) ---- adding some latin flavor publix super markets is launching a line of store-brand hispanic products this month
eyes on real estate in '05 florida home prices are soaring, but economists are divided on whether it's a boom or a bubble that's poised to pop.
this budget moves every monday. we have contributions from gadsden, lakeland, santa rosa, sarasota, spartanburg and tuscaloosa.
florida's family of specialty license plates keeps getting bigger.
get ahead of the curve.
one of my favorite plants is mountain thistle (acanthus montanus), a hard-to-find, west african species with fantastically shaped, incredibly spiny foliage and beautiful but prickly blossoms.
getting the ring is the easy part. planning the wedding is the hard part.
planning the rehearsal dinner can be approached in a similar fashion as the reception. however, the dinner is usually planned for a specific number of guests.
1-3-05 planning the after-party the wedding reception is the time to let your hair down, but pay attention to the details when arranging the event
according to www.thefoodpaper.com, pecan pie has its beginnings in the chess pie, a simple egg, butter and sugar dessert. but with the introduction of corn syrup, the pie evolved. known for their delicious confections, the french are credited with creating the early version of pecan pie.
it's the time of year where football overtakes the mind.
the weather may not be inspiring, but january can be an important month for the gardener.
i can tell that it is citrus season not only by the delicious satsuma mandarins that i have been eating daily or the gifts of gorgeous meyer lemons that i have received from friends in the last several weeks.
bennett lane 2001 maximus is one of those blends that traditionalists might call brazen. still, it's increasingly popular among people with adventurous palates who simply want to drink something good and don't have a mental list of things you shouldn't do, such as blend zinfandel, particularly with classic french varietals.
heart is democrat. i mean, i live in marin."
talk about instant messaging and some people think it all concerns teenagers exchanging information about the latest news, trends and fashions online.
on a journey designed to assure nations devastated by the tsunami of the united states' support, secretary of state colin powell arrived here monday night accompanied by gov. jeb bush of florida as the personal representative of his brother, president bush.
squirrels have invaded the attic in my maine summer house, and are doing considerable damage. many holes in the eaves have been covered with insect screen, but the critters continue to come in. is there any kind of deterrent that will keep them out?
at the costco warehouse here, the diamond ring appraised at
editors: here is the new york times columnist schedule for january 2005. the dates on the list below are the days of publication. columns move on the new york times news service the day before publication.
remember the voices of pessimism after sept. 11, 2001?
job hoppers who want employers to know the real reason they're resigning are filling out exit interview surveys online. the practice allows them to tell human resources staff how they feel without participating in face-to-face exit interviews.
it seems logical: when interest rates start rising, consumers will flock to lock in at current, lower levels.
i bought this book, '100 things to do before you die," thinking that now that i'm 50 (ok, 52) it's time to polish off the list.
in books as in movies, the sequel is almost never as big as the original. but seven years after j. k. rowling's "harry potter" children's series began with "harry potter and the sorceror's stone," the excitement shows no sign of abating.
maria cotoia wanted a safe, if out-of-fashion, minivan. her husband wanted to cling to the family suv because he thought it was safer, more secure. she won. but they both got what they wanted.
the power and the glory by graham greene penguin classics, 222 pp., paperback, $14
in the year that ended june 30, 2004, massachusetts was the only state in the country that lost population -- 3,852 people to be exact. so here is my question: are we sweden or north dakota?
on a lonely stretch of alabama highway 139 a few minutes north of randolph, a small wooden cross, two unlit candles and some silk poinsettias mark the spot where steven carlyle spears was gunned down.
don cheadle.
there's no better topic for the first gardener's notebook of the year than the new bedding plants that will make their debut this spring.
on the wing: to the edge of the earth with the peregrine falcon by alan tennant knopf, 304 pp., $25
the texas national guard has been at the forefront of some big military missions
attn. nytrng editors
new year's resolution: invest in large growth-style companies, keep money in overseas companies, and don't give up on bonds just yet.
until this year, the smith college students living in wilder house used to eat dinner like an old-fashioned family, gathering in their dorm's quaint dining room at the same time every night and lingering in conversation long after the food was gone.
i have a hero.
dr. thomas beaver is home now, back in the operating room at shands at the university of florida.
a couple of years ago, laser devices that could draw a perfectly straight, level line to use as a guide in construction moved from the world of professional builders and remodelers into the toolboxes of do-it-yourselfers.
atlanta --
clark kent ervin may be a namesake of superman's mild-mannered alter ego, but he's not an easy-going guy.
new u.s. forest service rules make it easier for the timber, oil and mining industries to work in 155 national forests. at the same time, they could make it more difficult for citizens to participate in decisions that affect public lands.
as part of a 1998 legal settlement, the tobacco industry agreed to stop marketing to teenagers. well, most teenagers -- as a new study by harvard's school of public health illustrates.
when accused terrorist and american citizen jose padilla's case goes before a judge here on wednesday, at issue will be fundamental questions of individual liberty and national security.
at the start of each new year, i dust off my crystal ball and offer my predictions of what wonders high tech will bring.
it does not look like anyone's mother, and the baby it delivers has none of the emotional appeal of a newborn. but a lifelike birth simulator developed at johns hopkins university may provide some important new information about problem deliveries in real mothers and infants.
an exceptionally health-conscious friend throws out any food that has passed the date stamped on the package. she has little understanding of what these dates mean and how they may affect the freshness or safety of the food in question. and she is not alone.
of hot pots and back burners
years of running, skiing and pickup basketball are hard on the body, and active people often pay a price in the form of persistent knee pain.
austin, texas --
eagles, micro and macro
miriam's new smile is wide and pretty, with large, white, perfectly spaced teeth. before she had her front teeth covered with porcelain veneers, they were crooked, worn at the tips and stained at the roots.
providing psychological services for millions who have lost family members, homes and communities in sri lanka, indonesia and other countries will become critical in the coming weeks, officials from the world health organization, unicef, and other relief agencies say.
ken machemehl has checked out of check writing and checked into online bill-pay.
the question rises from the rubble of the earthquake in sumatra. it echoes on the indian ocean shores where bodies are still piled high and in homes halfway around the world where loved ones wait for news of the missing: how could god let this happen?
the holidays are done at last. time to get back to normal. well, perhaps not entirely normal. our computers, after all, are normally in a state of chaos, cluttered with once-cherished files that we can't even find anymore.
if one of your new year's resolutions is to finally learn how to play an instrument, technology increasingly can help you get started.
sun staff writer
the internet has changed the way people listen to music in their personal space. (think ipod and other portable music players.) now, it's also changing the way people listen to music in public places, such as restaurants and bars.
he's known nationwide as the cranky democratic maverick with the voice of mountain barbed wire, an angry american eagle who wanted to "bomb the hell" out of terrorists and challenged a media star to a duel on live tv.
as an 8-year-old boy, grady curtis judd jr. frequently played "cops and robbers" in his yard off south combee road in lakeland. judd would stop the intense game when polk county sheriff monroe brannen, whose brother was a neighbor, pulled his car into a nearby yard.
researchers at millennium pharmaceuticals inc. hope to produce better drugs with medical-imaging equipment usually used to examine patients.
gary austin recently sat among a restless crowd at the 30th anniversary of the groundlings and became an inadvertent witness, along with hundreds of others, to the awkward evolution, or perhaps devolution, of the american comic form since the 1970s.
with the new year comes a huge new batch of cds. here's a look at music due out in the first months of 2005 -- and a few beyond that. keep in mind: release dates change all the time.
jan. 3, 2005
the suggestion that people exercise an hour a day to lose pounds and maintain an ideal body weight is almost more than most people can contemplate.
with obesity much on americans' minds, an entire industry has sprung up selling diets and diet books, meal replacements and exercise programs, nutritional supplements and internet-based coaching, all in an effort to help people lose weight.
jack is back, dashing into another harrowing save-the-world mission on fox's real-time suspense drama.
gainesville, fla. -- move in -- matt betz helps his friend johnny mcentee unpack monday in his reid hall at the university of florida after a long drive back from new jersey, where they were both spent the holiday season. david massey/gainesville
are geckos the clean freaks of the animal kingdom? their feet will stick to virtually any surface, yet collect no grime and never lose their grip, even as they scurry up trees and scamper through dirt.
the career of richard ellis advances the maxim that scientific knowledge is often moved forward by the work of committed amateurs.
chemistry is such a mysterious quality. you either have it or you don't.
eight-year-old charlie killebrew already knows what he wants to be when he grows up. he wants to be a video game tester.
second-grader jennifer wooten gave the cafeteria french fries top marks during a recent lunch at alderman elementary school. ten out of 10, the 7-year-old said, eating the fries with a hamburger.
gainesville, fla. -- tsunami class -- 2 photos. bishop middle school eighth-grade science instructor jon ayres explains to his class monday the shifting tectonic plates of the earth's crust that caused the earthquake and tsunami in the indian ocean. david massey/gainesville.
how desperate are overweight people to shed their extra pounds?
a movie by lexington filmmaker and photographer h. lee waters earned major national recognition last week.
in a nondescript office building near the ventura freeway here, and in far-flung studios in luxembourg and china, as many as a thousand animators, editors, sound engineers and the like are hard at work on what they intend to be the next obsession of 4-to-8-year-old girls.
youthful peaks
president bush sought monday to counter criticism of slow-motion administration help for victims of the indian ocean tidal wave by enlisting two former presidents to solicit private donations to augment the $350 million in official emergency assistance pledged by the u.s. government.
americas
critics tried monday to discourage the republican majority in the house from changing ethics rules to make it harder to bring complaints against lawmakers.
in college athletics, the calendar runs with the semesters, which is a little like running with the bulls except there is less blood. the rest of us use this archaic system we like to call a "year."
this is the n.y. times regional newspaper group budget for jan. 4, 2005. for use by member papers only. unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.
americas
nelly kratky has a sweet, grandmotherly face that many polk county residents see on the worst days of their lives.
evolving travel experience
winston churchill never made any great claims for his painting, but there's no denying its attractiveness, and its therapeutic usefulness. "if it weren't for painting," he said in 1949, "i couldn't live; i couldn't bear the strain of things."
rep-elect henry cuellar arrived on capitol hill early monday morning, eager to get down to work as the first congressman from laredo, texas, in two decades -- only to find that it's possible for a person to show up too early for a new job.
stepping over belongings still strewn about the house from their recent move, angela ceja and jesus serrano fix their two young boys breakfast in a kitchen that doesn't yet have a table.
american companies stepped up their dividend increases in 2004, buoyed by strong cash flows and by a changed tax law that made dividends more attractive to shareholders.
medical marvels and cosmetic contrivances aside, the human body still bows to an as yet unconquerable nuisance of nature -- the common cold.
the beginning of a new year is the usual time for people to reassess their goals and priorities. it can also afford an opportunity to gain a new perspective on problem-solving abilities.
a proposed federal drug policy, intended to snuff out methamphetamine trafficking throughout the united states, may miss the mark in polk county, where meth use has fallen substantially in favor of a purer form of the drug.
buff is in the eyes of the beholder.
when business travelers tell you they're trying to keep their weight down, they may not be talking about cutting back on carbohydrates or spending more time on the treadmill.
president bush enlisted his predecessor, bill clinton, and his father on monday to tap "the good heart of the american people" for corporate and private aid to tsunami victims, as u.s. warplanes and naval vessels spearheaded the largest global relief effort in the nation's history.
imagine a cultural complex several times the size of new york's lincoln center sitting on a long peninsula jutting into the heart of one of the world's greatest natural harbors, with four giant museums, four large concert halls and theaters, a school for the arts and more.
in an insiders' struggle that could have far-reaching effects on the nation's safety, the house of representatives was slated on tuesday to set up the first permanent homeland security committee.
before they headed to the white house for their reception monday, ken and john salazar took their mother to communion in the washington basilica where she attended mass as a young woman during world war ii.
for the airline business, 2005 is shaping up to be an "either/or" year.
call them power users of the internet, literally.
the cascadia fault, a 600-mile-long collision between two chunks of the earth's crust off the pacific northwest coast, has been quiet for a long time, and that is not a comforting fact.
it's been a year since two nasa rovers, spirit and opportunity, streaked across the martian sky and touched down on the planet's surface within weeks of each other.
mental illness is the new sex.
on both sides of the capitol, a tone will be set in the next few days that could color this entire congress.
washington - house republicans leaders monday prepared to loosen internal ethics rules for the new congressional session, spurred on by two ethics rebukes last year of majority leader tom delay that angered some party members.
bc-tsunami-relief-den (undated) will not move in tonight's denver post file.
"political gerrymanders are not new to the american scene," supreme court justice antonin scalia dryly noted near the start of his majority opinion in the 2004 case of vieth v. jubelirer. "one scholar traces them back to the colony of pennsylvania at the beginning of the 18th century."
many people come to church for spiritual fitness, but at first united methodist church of tuscaloosa they can come for physical fitness, too.
fashion designers are generally sensitive people with a good sense of humor. but when it comes to making new collections, they are a lot like dr. frankenstein. they create a monster, and then they have a few regrets.
austin-based wayport inc. says it has become the nation's leader in providing wireless internet access, with more than 6,300 locations, or hot spots, installed nationwide and as many as 150 new ones being added each week.
quillian yancey, one of polk county's most well-known politicians, dies at age 82. yancey was state attorney, sheriff, state house member and state senator, and charmed audiences with his gospel and country music performances. by jason geary
straining to meet its mandate of allowing multiple -- and often conflicting -- uses on the nation's public lands, the u.s. forest service is revisiting a model from its past with visions of a less-contentious future.
sonoma county dairy ranchers are locked in an unlikely tug of war with marin county environmentalists over the soft, fine sand at dillon beach.
the stock market roared out of the starting gate on monday -- for about 30 minutes -- after which a daylong selling binge sent stock indexes into the red on the first trading day of 2005.
julia fordham's "that's live" was recorded at the house of blues sunset strip. this vanguard disc features guest appearances by india.arie and mark isham.
did you ever watch an old black-and-white movie where the characters are at a sophisticated nightspot and wonder where that glamour is today?
jewish settlers began a new round of protests on monday and warned that large numbers of israeli soldiers could refuse to follow orders to remove settlers from the gaza strip later this year.
in aviation's rigid hierarchy, air cargo pilots have always been a step below their passenger airline counterparts.
for the first time in their lives, about 20 adults in new hampshire who were adopted as children saw their birth certificates, marking a beginning or in some cases an end to a lifetime journey.
delta air lines could roll out a national version of its simplified fare experiment as soon as wednesday in a move that will cut prices and spark more competition in the struggling industry.
senator john f. kerry is reemerging on the public stage this week with a 13-day fact-finding trip through the middle east, which supporters said showed that the massachusetts democrat is determined to maintain a high profile after his losing presidential campaign.
united airlines parent ual corp. is preparing to "put on a show" later this week by calling 41 witnesses and presenting more than 400 exhibits at a trial aimed at rejecting current union contracts, one bankruptcy expert says.
it's always about the timing in fox's "24" and abc's "alias." every minuscule detail is planned to the second, making the stories explode whenever covers are blown and plans are derailed.
tucked away in a whitewashed, italian-colonial building set in a quiet compound on the edge of tripoli, the largely forgotten world center for green book studies is looking for a little respect.
jeff agoos subscribes to an aphorism attributed to johan cruyff: soccer is a game you play with your head, not with your feet. especially when your legs have clocked major miles.
american companies stepped up their dividend increases in 2004, buoyed by strong cash flows and by a changed tax law that made dividends more attractive to shareholders.
'troy' flexes considerable muscle
jewish settlers began a new round of protests on monday and warned that large numbers of israeli soldiers could refuse to follow orders to remove settlers from the gaza strip later this year.
at the clarke middle school in lexington, mass., monday began with a moment of silence for the estimated 140,000 victims of the earthquake and tsunamis in southeast asia.
washington - president bush, seeking to highlight america's concern over the asian disaster, named his father and his predecessor monday to spearhead a private fund-raising campaign to help victims of last month's tsunamis, calling on americans to "contribute as they are able to do so."
it drove him nuts. relegated to a role of a cheerleader and unofficial assistant coach, all florida junior guard matt walsh could do was watch as his teammates struggled in sunday's 82-69 loss at florida state.
with obesity much on americans' minds, an entire industry has sprung up selling diets and diet books, meal replacements and exercise programs, nutritional supplements and internet-based coaching, all in an effort to help people lose weight.
sick days -- they're not just for sick people anymore.
in the past, creators of network midseason replacement series could ease the disappointment of not making it on the fall schedule by noting that their shows would face less fierce competition than during a fall launch. not so this year.
a federal grand jury indicted five young men on monday in connection with arsons that caused $10 million damage last month to a new subdivision in southern maryland.
one of the subplots of the jets' season has been the state of chad pennington's right shoulder since his return several weeks ago after a rotator cuff injury.
coach herman edwards is not apologizing for leading the jets to their third playoff appearance in four years, something that the jets have never done before, and something that only six other teams in the nfl have done over that span.
this is a matchup that makes you think all's right with the sports world after all. the 2005 orange bowl is the comfort food of athletic events.
allan houston stopped talking about his health, at least in any meaningful way, weeks ago, about the same time he shed the italian suits in favor of a knicks jersey. from that point on, he would let his game speak for itself.
the trial of six men suspected of plotting to bomb the u.s. embassy in paris in 2001 opened monday, with tense exchanges between the chief judge and the suspected ringleader.
president bush on monday enlisted his two predecessors in the white house to lead an effort to raise money from individuals, corporations and foundations in the united states for disaster relief in the nations devastated by the indian ocean tsunami.
president bush on monday enlisted his two predecessors in the white house to lead an effort to raise money from individuals, corporations and foundations in the united states for disaster relief in the nations devastated by the indian ocean tsunami.
president vladimir v. putin on monday abruptly reduced the responsibilities of a senior adviser who last week issued a sweeping criticism of the kremlin's leadership and expressed deep misgivings about the direction in which russia was headed.
when new york city opened dozens of new small high schools this school year, it hoped that giving them themes like architecture, hospitality management, and peace and diversity would attract students and inspire them.
the tidal wave task force headquarters here is not much to look at, but what is happening inside is extraordinary.
the international relief effort kicked into gear on monday, eight days after the tsunami disaster hit, as secretary of state colin l. powell arrived here accompanied by gov. jeb bush of florida on a journey intended to assure the devastated region of u.s. support.
on jan. 1, california became the first state in the nation to ban the .50-caliber long-range rifle, a firearm that gun control advocates have portrayed as a military weapon that could easily fall into the hands of terrorists' trying to assassinate a foreign leader or shoot down an airplane.
imagine for a minute that they both stay in school for four years.
the trial of six men suspected of plotting to bomb the u.s. embassy in paris in 2001 opened monday, with tense exchanges between the chief judge and the suspected ringleader.
madison avenue is walking a fine line in determining its response to the south asian tsunami. advertisers, agencies and media companies are seeking ways to show that they care, but they are also striving to avoid the appearance of capitalizing on the disaster for commercial gain.
the fourth quarter at arizona on sunday was an appropriate and fitting way for the bucs' season to end. it was an atrocious display of football that lived down to its advanced billing. two bad teams trying to give a bad football game away, and the worst team lost.
sometime late tonight, either bob stoops or pete carroll will hoist a crystal football over his head to celebrate another college football national title for a tradition-rich program that always has room for one more trophy on the shelf.
a federal advisory panel, working closely with the bush administration, announced a list of 146 types of prescription drugs on monday that should be covered under medicare's new drug benefit.
construction activity in california jumped an annual 25.6 percent in november due to a strong residential sector but slowed nearly 10 percent from october, an industry tracker said monday.
age has as much impact on the likelihood of former and current smokers developing lung cancer as the number of cigarettes consumed.
it wouldn't be right to start the new year without remembering an important medical milestone marked during the past year: the 50th anniversary of the first successful human organ transplant -- a kidney -- performed at peter bent brigham hospital in boston on dec. 23, 1954.
california has become the first state to ban a powerful .50-caliber long-range rifle that gun control advocates portray as a military firearm that could easily fall into the hands of terrorists bent on assassination or shooting down an airplane.
the movie industry managed to set a single-year revenue record of $9.4 billion in domestic ticket sales, despite a topsy-turvy year filled with huge hits, massive flops and lots of surprises in between.
exhausted after more than a week of searching for her missing sister, shonti breisch was scanning a long bulletin board of tsunami victims' photos posted at a makeshift morgue at khao lak, thailand.
a federal grand jury indicted five young men on monday in connection with arsons that caused $10 million damage last month to a new subdivision in southern maryland.
republican house leaders monday night abandoned their plan to change congressional ethics rules to make it harder to bring complaints against lawmakers.
the bush administration said monday that it would pay for its $350 million pledge of tsunami disaster relief from money already in this year's budget, rejecting the idea of asking congress to approve immediate, emergency funds to cover the costs.
archipelago holdings, the owner of arcaex, the largest electronic exchange, is expected to buy the pacific exchange for about $50 million, people close to the companies said monday.
at&amp;t will use inphonic software
in 30 sorties on monday, helicopters from the aircraft carrier abraham lincoln flew down the indonesian coast to more than half a dozen towns, delivering more than 60,000 pounds of water, medical supplies and food.
michael.pollickheraldtribune.com
for 23 consecutive seasons, including a one-year diversion to japan, the primary task for richard "goose" gossage was to secure victory for his baseball team.
archipelago holdings, the owner of arcaex, the largest electronic exchange, is expected to buy the pacific exchange for about $50 million, people close to the companies said monday.
when former oklahoma coach barry switzer was growing up in arkansas in the 1950s, he had an educational map of the united states on his bedroom wall. switzer didn't care so much about geography as what it taught him about college football.
a record number of hard-core fans and casual observers will tune in tuesday night to watch the college football season end with the most highly anticipated game in years: undefeated southern california versus undefeated oklahoma.
celtics108hornets90
the tidal wave task force headquarters here is not much to look at, but what is happening inside is extraordinary.
proclaiming himself the good-humor fairy, herman edwards is dispensing sweetness and light about the jets' impending trip to the playoffs.
here is a listing of the new york times news service macintosh graphics files that moved friday, 01/03/05. included is the corresponding story slug and the size. all graphics have been posted on presslink, newscom and the wieck photo database.
china's response to the tsunami disaster is showing the nation's limitations as an aspiring superpower, despite its new and growing influence in asia.
the us census bureau is underestimating the state's population by failing to count 30,000 college students living here, and denying massachusetts millions of dollars in federal aid as a result, state inspector general gregory w. sullivan said monday.
the jets have made it into the nfl playoffs, and that is right about where the good news ends.
mike shanahan and aaron kampman have different viewpoints on the nfl playoffs. that's probably because the broncos coach is sentenced to seeking survival in the afc while the packers defensive end knows his team need only win three games in the lowly nfc to reach the super bowl.
in august, six months after the u.s. supreme court agreed to consider the constitutionality of the juvenile death penalty, robert acuna, a high school student from baytown, texas, was put on trial for his life.
china's response to the tsunami disaster is showing the nation's limitations as an aspiring superpower, despite its new and growing influence in asia.
cyberonics, which makes a device that treats epilepsy, disclosed monday it received a warning letter last month from the fda citing problems inspectors found at its houston manufacturing plant.
stung by criticism that they were lowering ethical standards, house republicans on monday night reversed a rule change that would have allowed a party leader to retain his position even if indicted.
gen. george w. casey jr., the top commander in iraq, is reviewing a proposal to add hundreds of american military advisers to work directly with iraqi units, whose disappointing performance could jeopardize the long-term exit strategy from iraq, senior military officials said monday.
stung by criticism that they were lowering ethical standards, house republicans on monday night reversed a rule change that would have allowed a party leader to retain his position even if indicted.
if 2003 was the full-price christmas, 2004 was the season of the last-minute markdown as merchants, led by wal-mart stores, scrambled to cut prices before and after dec. 25, in many cases choosing sales gains over higher profits.
still going strong, nasa's robotic rover spirit marked its first anniversary of martian exploration monday with few signs of letting up. and its six-wheeled twin, opportunity, should reach that same milestone jan. 24.
the mets, who are treating latin america as a second home base this off-season, headed out on another recruiting trip monday. this time, they were off to see carlos beltran, and fred wilpon was along for the ride.
southern california quarterback matt leinart has appeared in glossy magazines, kissing hollywood starlets.
the international relief effort kicked into gear on monday, eight days after the tsunami disaster hit, as secretary of state colin l. powell arrived here accompanied by gov. jeb bush of florida on a journey intended to assure the devastated region of u.s. support.
commissioner bud selig returned from a vacation monday and promptly cleared one item off his desk, approving the yankees' trade with the arizona diamondbacks for randy johnson.
president bush tapped his father and former president clinton on monday to drum up private money for surviving tsunami victims as he moved to blunt criticism that the united states at first failed to respond aggressively to the disaster.
when one of the biggest chinese makers of television sets and its distributor in the united states run into financial trouble, should american consumers worry?
in august, six months after the u.s. supreme court agreed to consider the constitutionality of the juvenile death penalty, robert acuna, a high school student from baytown, texas, was put on trial for his life.
heavy dark-gray clouds clamped down over los angeles and much of southern california late monday, sparking shards of lightning and adding precipitation to a region already choked with snow and soaked from almost a week of intermittent downpours.
a month ago, the bowl championship series was vilified by many from coast to coast because california was left out, texas was shoved in and unbeaten auburn was left wondering where it fit in.
if 2003 was the full-price christmas, 2004 was the season of the last-minute markdown as merchants, led by wal-mart stores, scrambled to cut prices before and after dec. 25, in many cases choosing sales gains over higher profits.
in a year full of momentous decisions, some that turned out bad, others that turned out worse, the very last one of the giants season will be the one that helps propel them through the off-season.
bolstering concerns about the health hazards of pollution, a study published monday said babies born in california cities with the dirtiest air weigh less than those born in cleaner communities.
with nothing to play for against a team clawing for a postseason berth, the pittsburgh steelers' rookie quarterback ben roethlisberger and the veteran running back jerome bettis swapped their helmets and gloves for ski hats and parkas.
by jason geary
grasso's lawyers request internal report on pay
u.s. rep. adam putnam will be sworn in for his third term in the u.s. house of representatives when the 109th congress convenes todayjan.4 and the speculation continues about what is next for the fast-rising republican political star from bartow.
her face stares out from a wall on an elementary school in bedford-stuyvesant, brooklyn, one of the few visible signs that shirley chisholm was here, even if she chose not to stay.
an appeals court has granted a motion to delay a federal trial in which a truck driver faces a possible death sentence for his role in a human-smuggling operation that led to the deaths of 19 illegal immigrants.
los angeles "officially" got a new baseball team monday -- the only catch is that it's not in los angeles.
a federal advisory panel, working closely with the bush administration, announced a list of 146 types of prescription drugs on monday that should be covered under medicare's new drug benefit.
in the spring of 1975, hubert vo watched saigon fall to the communists, unsure what fate might await him as a political refugee.
killing a gray wolf in idaho or montana will soon get easier under new rules issued monday by the fish and wildlife service.
gen. george w. casey jr., the top commander in iraq, is reviewing a proposal to add hundreds of american military advisers to work directly with iraqi units, whose disappointing performance could jeopardize the long-term exit strategy from iraq, senior military officials said monday.
california has become the first state to ban a powerful .50-caliber long-range rifle that gun control advocates portray as a military firearm that could easily fall into the hands of terrorists bent on assassination or shooting down an airplane.
a brazoria county grand jury will decide whether an off-duty houston internal affairs sergeant was justified when he shot at a van he said was trying to run down his car sunday afternoon. two men suffered minor injuries in the incident.
homicides in los angeles decreased for the second year in a row in 2004, but the decline was slight and fell far short of police chief william bratton's goal.
college football coaching dominoes continued to tumble monday as lsu hired oklahoma state coach les miles to replace nick saban. wasting little time, oklahoma state late monday afternoon announced that former oklahoma state quarterback -- and current offensive coordinator -- mike gundy would be named miles' replacement.
every year, some obscure mutual fund posts eye-popping numbers and gets its 15 minutes of fame.
when one of the biggest chinese makers of television sets and its distributor in the united states run into financial trouble, should american consumers worry?
used to be, when tech experts started talking about personal computer security, the average user's eyes glazed over.
online shoppers opened their wallets wide during the holidays, pushing internet sales up 25 percent from last year, according to a report released monday.
long ago, new york was new amsterdam. beijing was peking. mumbai morphed from bombay, myanmar is the country formerly known as burma, and even cary grant was once archie leach.
the musicians of the st. louis symphony orchestra either went on strike monday or were locked out, depending on whom you ask. either way, their stage was abandoned, and 33 horn and double-bass players who have been showing up this week for scheduled auditions were left stranded.
max lowenthal, a longtime staff editor on the foreign desk of the new york times, died thursday in pittsfield, mass. he was 85.
arnold denker, a former u.s. chess champion who also had some spectacular setbacks at the chess board and later chronicled the lives of some of the game's most colorful characters, died sunday at his home in fort lauderdale, fla. he was 90.
the rayovac corp., the battery maker, is near a deal to buy the united industries corp., a maker of lawn and garden products, for about $476 million in cash and stock, executives involved in the talks said late monday.
acknowledging that a texas political corruption case and recent ethics investigations have become a distraction to his party's goals, house majority leader tom delay of texas on monday asked colleagues to undo party rule changes that would allow him to keep his powerful leadership post if he is indicted.
the accusers just kept surfacing.
houstonians can be forgiven for being fascinated with energy prices.
a federal prosecutor wrapped up the government's case monday against lynne f. stewart, a lawyer accused of aiding terrorists, by charging that she had released a bellicose statement to the news media on behalf of an imprisoned client because she secretly wanted to help violent militants overthrow the egyptian government.
the fire that killed two adults and two children in a brooklyn apartment on saturday was a murder-suicide, probably stemming from a failed relationship, the authorities said monday.
the end of the yearlong bankruptcy of halliburton co.'s kbr on monday sets the stage for the houston company to separate itself from that underperforming engineering and construction business unit, analysts said.
a selection of summaries from the new york times book review:
the new york times co. said monday night that it had agreed to buy 49 percent of metro boston, a free daily newspaper aimed primarily at commuters in their 20s and 30s.
the tidal wave task force headquarters here is not much to look at, but what is happening inside is extraordinary.
morgan stanley, the investment bank that was one of the largest employers in lower manhattan until the attack on the world trade center, is returning downtown for the first time since 2001.
for a lakers team taking on the single dimension of kobe bryant in recent games comes the biggest test of the season's first half, an "obtuse" version of the nba's traditional texas triangle, as dubbed by coach rudy tomjanovich.
by week's end, the colts' receivers will be testy over the slap that they can be punched into submission. they will be bristling over the idea that they shrivel when meaty forearms collide under their chins.
on a quiet summer night five months ago, usc players huddled at the 50-yard line of their practice field before the start of training camp and talked for the first time about repeating as national champions.
larry coyer was enjoying a pipe sunday after the broncos' playoff-clinching victory over indianapolis. while the sweet smoke rose to his face, denver's defensive coordinator savored the broncos' accomplishment of advancing to the postseason for the second consecutive season.
u.n.-annan (moved jan. 2)
at the hotel where the sports journalists are caged this week, orange bowl promoters monday posed the usc and oklahoma coaches for pictures with the bowl championship series' crystal-football trophy, aptly described by an onlooker as a tombstone with a glass thing on top.
the new york times said in an editorial for tuesday, jan. 4:
the new york times said in an editorial for tuesday, jan. 4:
shrugging off the specter of a lawsuit that will be filed against them by the city they call home, the angels on monday changed their name for the third time in franchise history, this time to the all-encompassing los angeles angels of anaheim.
the new york times said in an editorial for tuesday, jan. 4:
the new york times said in an editorial for tuesday, jan 4:
the "polar express" delivered another drenching storm to southern california on monday, flooding streets across the region with record rainfall and closing interstate 5 from castaic through the grapevine with blizzard conditions.
the nfl's mvp award was a toss-up last season: steve mcnair or peyton manning? peyton manning or steve mcnair?
it's not nit-picking when mavericks coach don nelson says don't get carried away with a couple of runaway wins. nelson is trying to keep an eye on the bigger picture and, frankly, blowing out boston and milwaukee isn't going to impress him much.
declan's moon soon could be crowned the most overrated racehorse in america.
on a rainy, dreary december day, nathan marsh is visiting a dying man and his wife at their home on a narrow street overlooking lake washington.
unfortunately for the auburn tigers, perfection will probably not be good enough to gain at least a share of the national championship.
sacramento -- gov. arnold schwarzenegger will challenge the democrat-controlled legislature this week to approve a package of measures designed to do everything from trim the state bureaucracy to reshape political districts and address california's housing woes.
one person was killed monday night and another badly injured when a young child set fire to a christmas tree, rapidly engulfing a queens apartment building in flames, the fire department said.
with a contingent led by owner fred wilpon and general manager omar minaya, the new york mets visited all-star center fielder carlos beltran and agent scott boras in puerto rico on monday.
another pga tour season is here because, well, it pretty much refuses to leave.
usc pored over oklahoma films for four weeks, but it wasn't until late sunday night that the coaching staff discovered that the sooners' high-powered offense scored in the last two minutes of the half in six of their final eight games.
he has been an afterthought this time around, a secondary story line.
if familiarity breeds contempt, no wonder revenge is the catchword entering this weekend's nfc wild-card games at seattle and green bay.
the winners of this weekend's afc wild-card games will earn trips to pittsburgh and new england, but that beats the alternative of going home for the winter.
the last time oklahoma fullback j.d. runnels was given a handoff, gray davis was the governor of california, the united states had not invaded iraq, and britney spears hadn't been married twice.
stop hyperventilating, calm your pounding heart, cease that football angst and repeat three times:
the jobs of coach dennis erickson and general manager terry donahue hung in the balance monday night.
raiders raiders some players want bad apples removed overhaul might not be answer raiders coach thinks stability could help turn team around raiders coach thinks stability could help turn team around
you've got to hand it to shaun alexander.
the new york times co., owner of the boston globe, said it will buy a 49 percent stake in metro boston, the free newspaper distributed to commuters.
editors:
editors,
when shirley chisholm made a campaign stop in gainesville during the 1972 presidential primaries, the crowd that showed up filled not only the waldo road shopping center where she spoke, but the parking lot outside as well.
i spent a part of my holiday making house calls. mostly they were to visit family and friends, but while i was on the road i also got the opportunity to spread healthy computer habits to those i stayed with.
advisory to nytreng editorial page editors
editors,
a 21-member bipartisan committee is expected to finalize a complete rewrite this week of alabama's election laws, some of which date back almost 130 years.
(i(woman in a situation, overheard at citron in oakland by (/i(jon levy.
tim fagan admits that although he's a health-conscious nurse, he smokes about a pack of cigarettes a day.
four american soldiers and a marine were killed tuesday and three other soldiers were wounded on a day that also saw the assassination of the governor of baghdad, one of the highest-profile killings of an iraqi official in months.
this special issue of wire-tapping looks back at 2004. if it misses a milestone in your newsroom, please give a nudge to your wire-tapping correspondent.
his lips say maybe, and his eyes say yes. mitt romney has the fever: potomac fever.
the democratic party lost two special people on saturday who thrived in the challenging crucible of the house of representatives and whose rich lives teach the important lesson that good leaders do not emerge from the ranks of mere followers.
photo exhibits austin, tex., jan. 11-march 27
'susan sontag died," my mother murmured, not raising her head from the two-day old financial times i had bought her in the hangarlike waiting room of juan santamaria international airport in san jose, costa rica.
suggesting new year's environmental resolutions is always easy because everyone knows that having healthy ecosystems increases our chances of having healthy lives. but what if we had only one problem to solve, instead of a whole list?
in the fall of 1953, alarmed by the growing strength of viet minh guerrilla forces, french military leaders in vietnam decided to establish a fortified base in the colony's northern highlands.
judging by the advertisements she sees, boston retiree joan smith can only assume she's on death's door.
an advance warning system like the one that operates in the pacific ocean might have saved thousands of lives last week in perhaps the most devastating tsunami in history. but it would be complicated and expensive to build a similar warning system in the indian ocean.
santa rosa bishop daniel walsh cannot be held personally liable for any claims in a child sex abuse case scheduled for trial in may, an oakland judge has ruled, reaffirming a tentative ruling issued in december.
high along bluffs overlooking the confluence of the mighty negro and solomes rivers, super-sized eggplants, papayas and cassava spring from the ground.
two prominent harvard university biologists last week criticized a potential compromise for the use of human embryonic stem cells, saying the idea -- meant to overcome ethical objections -- is scientifically "flawed."
last winter bill marcotte took his six- and eight-year-old sons sledding at the merrimack golf course in methuen, mass. but last month, he got the word from a reporter: don't bring your sleds back here.
key players in the legal reform debate
president bush's drive to tame the nation's litigious ways begins wednesday, when he heads for southern illinois' madison county, dubbed by legal reform advocates the no. 1 "judicial hellhole" in america.
high along bluffs overlooking the confluence of the mighty negro and solomes rivers, super-sized eggplants, papayas and cassava spring from the ground.
a prosecutor has acknowledged that the nighttime curfew imposed on charlotte county after hurricane charley was never properly filed, and dropped a charge against a resident who was arrested outside his house on aug. 19.
wanna surf with dolphins? spy on whales?
the 512-foot freighter kent mariner has been at sea for three months, berthing most recently at wilmington's state port.
a lot of strange things happened in 2004, and some of them occurred in the wonderful world of food -- from mice-flavored rice wine to a $1,000 omelet. if you think that's odd, read on.
when it comes to "sex and the city," i'm a big fan.
using a seat on a pulley, a handful of young men hoisted mario wallenda from his wheelchair to a high wire 40 feet above the ground.
it's been one day since the new year arrived, and by now you've probably broken most of your resolutions. but here's one you should make and keep: do something different in your travels this year. here are a few possibilities in various price ranges:
when genzyme inc. breaks down its revenue this year, there's a big hole: treatment of cancer.
the requirements to start a hedge fund are pretty basic. you need a desk, a computer, and some rich clients to hand over lots of money to put at risk.
the long-stemmed white rose and welcome note on the bed promised an extra measure of warmth and hospitality, and everyone we met during a weekend at the copper beech inn made good on that promise.
in hollywood, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
the urban meyer era officially got under way at florida with a 7 a.m. team meeting tuesday and the reaction from the players seemed mostly positive.
after battling global terrorists and saving the world too many times to count, secret agent sydney bristow (jennifer garner) returns tonight for a fourth season of abc's sexy guilty pleasure, "alias."
the front-running candidate in the race for palestinian president called israel "the zionist enemy" on tuesday after an upsurge of violence in the gaza strip resulted in seven palestinians dead and 15 wounded, many of them children.
as the bush administration pitches the idea of privatized social security accounts, it should stress that this is neither an untested concept nor a reckless stock market gamble.
joye oltmann has bought enough exercise equipment over the years to stock a gym, and enough diet books for a small library.
consumer reports, that arbiter of strollers, toasters, treadmills and tires, has turned its gaze toward the puzzling jumble of prescription drugs.
our electronic christmas of digital cameras, mp3 players, blackberries and cellphones empowers us. but without batteries -- or a quick charge -- we're powerless. calls are missed. pictures go unsnapped.
bc-new&amp;notable-azr anne stephenson reviews new books in 'new &amp; notable' (resending) (duplication warning: moving in "e," "l," "k" and "f" categories) by anne stephenson here are anne stephenson's capsule reviews of four new books:
"anyone want oatmeal for breakfast tomorrow morning?" was my question each night to our houseguests in vermont over a long weekend recently.
dietitians, food executives and even school lunch ladies expect to receive new nutritional marching orders from the federal government soon.
some fruits gain in intensity when they're dried, but that's not the case with figs. this sweet, luxurious fruit dries well and reliably, but almost no one would say that drying improves it.
here are the stories new york times editors are considering for page 1 of wednesday, jan. 5. the n.y. times news service night supervisor is jesse mayshark; phone: (888) 346-9867; e-mail: mayshark@nytimes.com.
oftentimes it's for the same reasons a lot of other 24-year-olds get stereotyped. i wear big pants and my baseball cap is usually backward or tilted to the side. i have an affinity for loud hip-hop music and i go to middle-of-the-night raves.
in january everyone is something of a buddhist.
to get you through 2005, we've come up with 52 painless ways for you to love food that loves you. try each one, a day or a week at a time, in whatever order floats your boat.
in her sad, mild voice, cheryl tiegs greets the contestants on "sports illustrated's swimsuit model search" on wednesday night on nbc, setting the tone for a sad, mild hour.
when your mother told you to eat your vegetables, she probably didn't realize just how good they really could be for you.
when 17-year-old jenn duesterdick's grandmother died from breast cancer recently, her family wanted to support research into the disease. so they went online and bought a large stock of yellow wristbands.
a new study has linked fine-particle air pollution -- the kind produced by car exhaust and coal-fired power plants -- to the births of smaller babies.
fittingly, tim holst joined the circus in 1972.
former president jimmy carter will go to the middle east this week amid high hopes for improved relations between israelis and palestinians, a goal he has championed since leaving the white house in 1981.
sitting by the fireplace between rows of blooming christmas cactuses, aurelia "chick" wallace and phil newman can't help but smile as they talk about their improbable romance.
u.s. officials from the white house to baghdad insisted tuesday that balloting will take place this month as scheduled despite more deadly attacks by insurgents and calls from some iraqi leaders to postpone their national elections.
martin and odilia cuellar can't speak english but the couple from laredo, texas, understood the full meaning of the speeches when their eldest son henry took the oath of office tuesday as a new member of the u.s. house of representatives.
the white house appeared to lay the groundwork tuesday for delaying the jan. 30 national elections in iraq by emphasizing that any decision to change the date was up to the iraqi election commission.
blue cheese and date spread
melrose, fla. -- memorial -- 4 photos of a makeshift memorial and grief in melrose for a couple killed by in a car accident in western putnam county on sunday. randy morin, 33, of satsuma has been charged with dui manslaughter in the crash. doug finger/gainesville
the house of representatives, opening a new session tuesday, changed the way it will oversee homeland security, but not nearly as much as the sept. 11 commission recommended.
'when i use my food processor, the product goes directly to the outside wall and stays there. i constantly have to stop and scrape, stop and scrape, and find myself getting nowhere. what am i doing wrong?'
atlanta --
for just a little more effort, here are some homemade goodies designed to keep hunger at bay. all are relatively low in sugar and fat and contain some protein and fiber to help fill you up. and none will cost you more than 200 calories a serving.
nothing weakens a weight watcher's willpower like a midafternoon hunger attack -- and a well-stocked cookie jar or open bag of chips well within reach.
nine days after the devastating indian ocean tsunami, 16 americans have been confirmed dead and 4,000 more remain unaccounted for, the state department reported tuesday.
west palm beach, fla. --
the major snowstorm that hit the northeastern united states a few days before christmas blanketed the dayton area in deeper snow than we've had in years. travel was difficult for a while, but there weren't many reports of weather related damage to homes.
this is the n.y. times regional newspaper group budget for jan. 5, 2005. for use by member papers only. unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.
gainesville, fla. -- convocation -- santa fe community college president jackson sasser speaks to faculty and staff during the college's 2005 spring convocation tuesday. doug finger/gainesville
the joads -- scott wilson, sonny falcon and i -- have left california.
snow, ice and rain will accompany a strengthening storm on wednesday as it moves from the southern plains to the ohio valley. accumulating ice and snow is probable ahead of the storm from northern pennsylvania to western connecticut and massachusetts. farther south, rain will dampen southern pennsylvania and new jersey.
krispy kreme doughnuts, reeling from what it called accounting errors, said tuesday that it would reduce its reported profit for last year and that, at least for now, it was not able to borrow additional money from its banks.
the department of defense announced tuesday what it described as a new plan to prevent and deal with sexual assaults in the military. but victims advocates said the military was painfully short on details and appeared to be missing key parts of what congress had demanded from the defense department.
"mourning a father lost: a kibbutz childhood remembered," published by rowman &amp; littlefield. cost: $21.95 remembering his childhood and his father uf professor avraham balaban's book "mourning a father lost" is a painful memoir that recounts a childhood in a kibbutz
nytrng eds: the story slugged manatee-frozen skedded from wilmington, n.c., won't be moving tonight.
senator headed to south asia
marjorie lee burnett is the first to admit she doesn't know how a couple of old metal rods allow her to find unmarked graves.
canada: train contract awarded
an $850 million expansion currently under way at the lakefront mccormick place convention center here -- the second major expansion in less than a decade -- is evidence of a shift in strategy at what is the nation's largest convention site.
the 109th congress convened amid a confusion of children, ceremony and good cheer.
school funding will dominate missouri legislature
the elegant, graying man in the tweed jacket and lime-green v-neck sweater looked as if he had lost his way while window-shopping on madison avenue and accidentally wandered onto the construction site at east 36th street without a hard hat.
karen cedar's boss dropped the brochure on her desk and said, "i read about this in the newspaper and thought it was something you'd be interested in."
viacom has a lot riding on the executive who comes in to run its stagnant paramount film studio. whether or not that executive is brad grey, the talent manager who is reportedly close to a deal, the change opens the possibility that the studio's profit contribution to viacom could grow.
rayovac, maker of household batteries, electric razors and ... manure?
the shoals is honoring the music and memory of the florence-born "father of rock 'n' roll."
lakeland, fla. -- survivor news -- sandy broadbent of lakeland holds a photograph of her son -- sgt. james ashley who serves in the british army royal medical corps. ashley was on leave in phuket, thailand when the tsunami hit. ashley survived the disaster. michael wilson/lakeland.
from the cushioned seats in the audience, symphony conductors look to have quite an easy job: they wave to listeners and receive applause. they wave a baton and the orchestra follows along.
long island macarthur airport is about twice the size of new york's la guardia, but for decades it was a very sleepy place. lately, however, thanks in large part to expansion undertaken by southwest airlines, it has become a much more vital economic force in suffolk county.
sonoma county's tsunami evacuation plan won't be completed for about six months, making it among the last of 15 coastal counties in the state to come up with such a precautionary measure, emergency officials said tuesday.
the house tuesday loosened its internal ethics guidelines by voting to make it more difficult for ethics probes to be launched against members of congress.
just days before the palestinian presidential election, israeli tank fire in the northern gaza strip on tuesday killed seven palestinian youths harvesting strawberries, witnesses said, prompting the leading candidate, mahmoud abbas, to deliver an unusually caustic attack on israel, which he called "the zionist enemy."
boston researchers working with the national institutes of health have taken an important step toward developing a urine test to predict who will get a severe complication of pregnancy called preeclampsia, according to a study published wednesday in the journal of the americal medical association.
just days before the palestinian presidential election, israeli tank fire in the northern gaza strip on tuesday killed seven palestinian youths harvesting strawberries, witnesses said, prompting the leading candidate, mahmoud abbas, to deliver an unusually caustic attack on israel, which he called "the zionist enemy."
rudi kurniawan remembered the last time he heard his father's voice.
on summer days when kandis lovelace was a girl, she would lie on the roof of her parents' ranch-style home in goodland, kan., and daydream as she watched jets fly overhead.
"every actor loves a full house, and this is it," said a beaming ben gazzara, surveying the mostly graying crowd packed into the upstairs reading room at the renovated northshire bookstore, a destination for author tours and a book-lover's eden.
the 3 a.m. christmas night silence at chris cramer's suburban atlanta home was pierced by a ringing phone. a colleague was calling to inform the groggy managing director of cnn international about a story breaking halfway across the globe.
strict limits set for lawyers in a wittig-lake retrial
the best part of the baseball hall of fame isn't the dramatic glass rotunda in which plaques attest to enshrinees' greatness. the best part is the heated and unanswerable debates. i could spend hours arguing why bert blyleven deserved election... if someone would indulge me and listen.
pressure from us drug companies and more recently president bush is causing the pendulum to swing against importation of canadian prescription drugs.
experts retained by the bush administration said tuesday that more effective disciplining of incompetent doctors could significantly alleviate the problem of medical malpractice litigation.
gunmen assassinated the governor of baghdad province on tuesday as insurgents pressed a campaign to derail elections scheduled for jan. 30. the governor, ali al-haidari, is the highest-ranking iraqi official slain since may.
gunmen assassinated the governor of baghdad province on tuesday as insurgents pressed a campaign to derail elections scheduled for jan. 30. the governor, ali al-haidari, is the highest-ranking iraqi official slain since may.
while he is not yet ready to endorse it, bowl championship series coordinator kevin weiberg said tuesday he is "very interested" in the idea of a selection committee to determine the teams for college football's national championship game.
for information on stories, or for reruns, please call: 888-346-9867 or 212-556-1927. for information on nyt photos and graphics, please call 888-603-1036 or 212-556-4204.
he dives from the high dive during football practice, playfully drag-races with players, and holds tug-of-war matches with his team.
over the past two months, the horned frogs have proved their forgettable performances of the last two seasons are gone.
or just maybe, like a dunderhead, i had overchilled the bottle. i did shove it under ice in the freezer for 50 minutes. . . .
acknowledging serious flaws in how it has dealt with sexual assaults within the military, the pentagon announced steps on tuesday to prevent the crimes, investigate them more thoroughly when they occur and treat victims with more consideration.
"a cemetery," r.g. jayadasa said, explaining what he sees when he looks out at the sea.
marian p. opala, a justice of the oklahoma supreme court, is 83 years old, but he is not without ambition. he believes that he deserves to be chief justice, and he is miffed that his colleagues have elected someone else to the post.
enchanting camellias the gainesville camellia society's annual show will be at the oaks mall jan. 8-9, and more than 1,200 individual blooms are expected to be judged and on display
"a cemetery," r.g. jayadasa said, explaining what he sees when he looks out at the sea.
state regulators balked tuesday at a proposal by florida power &amp; light to recover $354 million in hurricane costs through surcharges on customer bills, pushing back a vote until mid-january because of questions over legal and procedural issues.
the big 12 opens conference basketball play tonight with a battle of the unbeatens: texas a&amp;m at kansas.
out with the old punching bag, in with the new.
few things are certain about the grape that americans know as petite sirah, but one thing is for sure: it is a survivor.
infinity pharmaceuticals inc. of cambridge, mass. wednesday will unveil a two-year drug discovery collaboration with the novartis institutes for biomedical research, the cambridge-based research arm of the swiss drug giant.
washington - the 109th congress was sworn in tuesday, and amid the pomp, circumstance, and flashbulbs throughout the capitol, the all-democratic massachusetts congressional delegation found itself further out of power than at any time in the past half-century.
life would be so much simplier if coral gables cop charlotte monroe didn't have a special talent of reading people's faces to the point that she can predict behavior. that gift has the fbi interested in her, but she's more than content handling street crime in miami-dade.
ken salazar was sworn in as colorado's junior u.s. senator tuesday, completing a journey from a humble san luis valley ranch without running water to the seat of american political power.
will eisner, an innovative comic-book artist who created the spirit, a hero without superpowers, and the first modern graphic novel, "a contract with god," died on monday, in fort lauderdale, fla., where he lived. he was 87.
the bush administration is considering imposing new sanctions on syria to prod it to crack down on iraqis there who are providing financial and logistical support to insurgents in iraq, senior u.s. counterterrorism officials said tuesday.
wade boggs did tuesday what he did so well so many times as a red sox, yankee, and devil ray. faced with a difficult pitch, one that might have tied up someone with less poise, boggs fought it off.
alberto r. gonzales, the white house counsel, intervened directly with justice department lawyers in 2002 to obtain a legal ruling on the extent of the president's authority to permit extreme interrogation practices in the name of national security, current and former administration officials said tuesday.
a strong conservation ethic in the united states has shifted environmental problems overseas, the chief of the u.s. forest service and his predecessors said tuesday.
four wildly popular commercial diets -- atkins, weight watchers, ornish, and the zone -- proved nearly identical in terms of weight loss and health benefits, according to a new study that also found that a majority of dieters attempting these four plans were unable to follow them for a year.
a senior advisory board to defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld is recommending a significant expansion of the us state department to cope with the diplomatic challenges of nation-building efforts that cannot be met by the pentagon.
fresh infusions of aid on tuesday gave yet more push to the global relief effort for asia as it confronted monsoon rains, logistical breakdowns and the urgent need for everything from earth-moving equipment to trucks in the struggle to reach the most remote survivors.
the federal official overseeing the nation's fisheries pledged tuesday to work to remove penalties for fishermen that could pressure them to keep fishing in bad weather, a set of rules blamed in the deaths of five new bedford scallopers off nantucket last month.
if you don't think the patriots can win a third super bowl in four years, you're just looking for "someone different" to get in and win.
as much of the cowboy world converges on colorado, a cultural icon bit the dust tuesday as the pro rodeo hall of fame and museum of the american cowboy abruptly closed its doors.
delta air lines plans to start a sweeping program on wednesday to streamline its fare system, capping economy-class fares at $499 each way and eliminating the saturday night stay.
well, they didn't do it.
times-news staff writer
house republicans pushed through a significant change in the handling of ethics complaints over strong democratic objections tuesday as the 109th congress convened with a burst of pomp and partisanship.
marian p. opala, a justice of the oklahoma supreme court, is 83 years old, but he is not without ambition. he believes that he deserves to be chief justice, and he is miffed that his colleagues have elected someone else to the post.
times-news staff writer
times-news staff writer
fresh infusions of aid on tuesday gave yet more push to the global relief effort for asia as it confronted monsoon rains, logistical breakdowns and the urgent need for everything from earth-moving equipment to trucks in the struggle to reach the most remote survivors.
ailing delta air lines says it is capping and simplifying fares in a bid to improve both its image and its bottom line.
house republicans pushed through a significant change in the handling of ethics complaints over strong democratic objections tuesday as the 109th congress convened with a burst of pomp and partisanship.
while holding out hope that some magazine, newsletter or an unaligned group of coaches votes unbeaten auburn no. 1, coach tommy tuberville looked ahead to retooling the tigers for next season.
there are so many questions that alberto gonzales needs to answer, it's hard to know where to begin.
experts retained by the bush administration said tuesday that more effective disciplining of incompetent doctors could significantly alleviate the problem of medical malpractice litigation.
in a bitter split, united airlines' creditors, along with some banks and unions, have joined the federal government in opposing a deal in which united would terminate its pilots' pension plan and offer the pilots equity in the airline and other sweeteners in exchange.
the bush administration is considering imposing new sanctions on syria to prod it to crack down on iraqis there who are providing financial and logistical support to insurgents in iraq, senior u.s. counterterrorism officials said tuesday.
viacom has a lot riding on the executive who comes in to run its stagnant paramount film studio. whether or not that executive is brad grey, the talent manager who is reportedly close to a deal, the change opens the possibility that the studio's profit contribution to viacom could grow.
the republican-run u.s. house voted along party lines tuesday to make it harder to investigate a member for unethical conduct, a reaction to controversies over house majority leader tom delay's political activities.
boston herald publisher patrick j. purcell said he would try to block the agreement by the new york times co., owner of the boston globe, to buy a 49 percent stake for $16.5 million in metro boston, the free daily tabloid.
in a bitter split, united airlines' creditors, along with some banks and unions, have joined the federal government in opposing a deal in which united would terminate its pilots' pension plan and offer the pilots equity in the airline and other sweeteners in exchange.
acknowledging serious flaws in how it has dealt with sexual assaults within the military, the pentagon announced steps on tuesday to prevent the crimes, investigate them more thoroughly when they occur and treat victims with more consideration.
the criminal case against defrocked priest paul r. shanley, perhaps the most notorious of all catholic clergy involved in the sexual abuse scandal, will soon hinge only on the allegations of a single accuser, according to shanley's lawyer, frank mondano.
aboriginal tribes here on the andaman and nicobar islands in the bay of bengal largely survived the dec. 26 tsunami, but it devastated the coastal areas of the archipelago, military and government officials said tuesday.
rex wong has picked the music and hired the runway models. starting thursday, they will strut his latest design: pink portable video players with matching pink faux-crocodile cases.
aboriginal tribes here on the andaman and nicobar islands in the bay of bengal largely survived the dec. 26 tsunami, but it devastated the coastal areas of the archipelago, military and government officials said tuesday.
bank of america corp. has agreed to give up its rights to put its name on the fleetcenter, freeing the arena's owner, delaware north cos., to open up a bidding war for naming rights to the home of the boston celtics and boston bruins.
here is a listing of the new york times news service macintosh graphics files that moved tuesday, 01/04/05. included is the corresponding story slug and the size. all graphics have been posted on presslink, newscom and the wieck photo database.
alberto r. gonzales, the white house counsel, intervened directly with justice department lawyers in 2002 to obtain a legal ruling on the extent of the president's authority to permit extreme interrogation practices in the name of national security, current and former administration officials said tuesday.
the first of seven courts-martial of army troops accused of abusing iraqi civilians and detainees got under way monday with allegations that a soldier conspired to punish a curfew violator by forcing him to jump to his death into the tigris river.
they have a fleet of suvs, each labeled with a large window sticker to note the arrival of catholic relief services in this battered city. they have opened a headquarters and hired drivers, laborers, even a cook.
petty officer 1st class michael ausley is a seasoned helicopter crewman, with service in somalia and the persian gulf war. but even that experience did little to prepare him for his new mission this week, helping evacuate villagers from the devastated southern coast of sumatra.
a six-member military jury heard testimony tuesday about how an army officer ordered iraqi detainees be forced off a ledge and into a river in the city of samara.
washington --
wade boggs won't be the only player going into the baseball hall of fame this summer. ryne sandberg will join him in cooperstown, n.y.
they have a fleet of suvs, each labeled with a large window sticker to note the arrival of catholic relief services in this battered city. they have opened a headquarters and hired employees.
wade boggs was a 17-year-old shortstop for plant high school in tampa when george digby saw him for the first time.
a former atlanta hotel bellhop accused of having participated in torture for ethiopia's mengistu regime is expected to be the first person deported under the intelligence reform act of 2004.
frontier, united and other airlines are cutting some fares as they compete for travelers in the traditionally slow post-holiday period.
question: what is cumbre vieja, and why has it been in the news lately?
with all the pluck and pleasure of a natural politician, he sprang from his car and glad-handed the gathering throng. he led the children in a raucous chant and then delivered a timeless political appeal.
so is the u.s. "stingy" about helping poor countries?
by 8 a.m. on the friday after thanksgiving -- the biggest shopping day of the year -- michael t. duke, the president of wal-mart stores, already knew he was in for trouble.
the greatest show on turf now plays in indianapolis under a big top known as the rca dome.
facing two recently freed prisoners who each spent 17 years behind bars because of false scientific evidence, texas senators on tuesday pointed fingers of blame and urged oversight that could position the state at the forefront of national efforts to prevent wrongful convictions.
facing two recently freed prisoners who each spent 17 years behind bars because of false scientific evidence, texas senators on tuesday pointed fingers of blame and urged oversight that could position the state at the forefront of national efforts to prevent wrongful convictions.
apex digital, the california-based electronic goods company that has been accused by one of china's biggest television makers of causing it huge financial losses, has fought back against the charges, claiming the chinese company was involved in detaining and apparently pressuring apex's president.
denver? a force in the nba playoffs? the nuggets are fooling themselves. let's hope the biggest fool is not general manager kiki vandeweghe, a smart man stubbornly reluctant to admit costly mistakes.
twenty-six years after he was sexually abused by a priest, there is still a catch, almost imperceptible, in max fisher's voice when he talks about it.
twenty-six years after he was sexually abused by a priest, there is still a catch, almost imperceptible, in max fisher's voice when he talks about it.
a league city man was given three life sentences tuesday after admitting he molested his 2-year-old daughter and beat her to death in a case that brought to light an ineffective state child abuse hot line system.
for japanese automakers, last year brought feast or famine in the united states.
amid the rush of generous donations to the disaster relief effort in southern asia, more donors have insisted that their gifts go exclusively to help those victims, charities say, building on a trend seen after the sept. 11 terror attacks.
a year after congress ordered it to change its policies, the military said tuesday that it is transforming how it handles sexual assaults, offering victims confidential reporting for the first time.
for more than two months, san diego has not known who its mayor will be, and for almost four years, ladainian tomlinson has been running.
powered by the dvd releases of "the lord of the rings: the return of the king," "harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban" and the final season of "sex in the city," warner bros. home video outdistanced rival studios to finish no. 1 for 2004.
two surprises awaited the jets' offensive line near the end of sunday's 32-29 overtime loss to st. louis.
san francisco -- just a week after scott peterson was arrested in the deaths of his wife, laci, and the couple's unborn son, he wrote amber frey, his former secret girlfriend, a letter from jail telling her he was praying for her and her daughter.
a 16-year-old denver high school student fatally stabbed a 17-year-old classmate during a confrontation in the school's cafeteria tuesday afternoon, authorities said.
washington -- the house started paying tribute tuesday to the late rep. robert matsui of sacramento, who died just three days before he would have taken the oath of office in the jammed chamber for his 14th term as a democratic lawmaker.
in the latest changes at the cia, porter j. goss, the new chief, has named a new deputy director for intelligence and has abolished a daily 5 p.m. meeting that had been used since the sept. 11 attacks to coordinate counterterrorism operations around the world, intelligence officials said on tuesday.
talk about a tiny miniskirt.
the daily mail, one of the many british tabloids that love to hate the european union, published a thunderous report shortly before christmas that britons faced a shortage of brazil nuts, a favorite seasonal food. the cause, naturally, was that the european commission in brussels, belgium, was banning them.
time inc. announced tuesday that it had agreed to buy the 51 percent of essence communications partners, the publisher of the magazines essence and suede, that it did not already own. terms of the deal were not disclosed.
president bush is close to naming two former senators, connie mack of florida, a republican, and john b. breaux of louisiana, a democrat, to lead a commission on overhauling the tax system, administration officials said tuesday.
americas
illinois: suit against kennedy nephew is dismissed
the nfl gave one of its high-profile stars one of the biggest on-field fines in league history.
this is a sarasota test.
question: what is cumbre vieja, and why has it been in the news lately?
to say texas' new congress members were eager to get to work this week wouldn't quite capture it.
before retiring sheriff lawrence crow administered the oath of office to his successor, he had a question.
with only a few days remaining before a saturday deadline, about 80 of california's largest 100 companies have filed to receive part of a $1.1 billion antitrust settlement with microsoft, a lawyer involved in the settlement said.
undaunted by the failure of the two most recent high-profile college coaches to make the jump to the nfl, nick saban said he would be different because he had used a pro-style philosophy at louisiana state and earlier stops.
federal reserve officials became markedly more worried about inflation last month, with some pushing to raise interest rates faster than originally planned, according to minutes from their policy meeting in december.
the sting tunes he belted out to serenade her have constantly replayed in rikka jacobsen's mind since the soldiers came to her door with the news that her husband had been killed in iraq.
when james ashley joined the british army, his mother expected he would face dangerous situations.
securities regulators charged one of the richest men in mexico, ricardo b. salinas pliego, with fraud tuesday, in a lawsuit that seeks to have him barred as a director or officer of any company whose shares trade on an american exchange.
grupo folha, the publisher of brazil's leading newspaper and the owner of latin america's largest internet provider, said tuesday that it would combine its businesses into one holding company to pay off debt and pave the way for an eventual initial public stock offering.
a man from parsippany, n.j., was accused tuesday of shining a laser pen into the cockpits of a small passenger jet and a helicopter over the last week, then lying about his actions when confronted by federal agents at his home.
the recently retired chairman and chief executive of federated department stores, which owns macy's and bloomingdale's, was indicted tuesday, accused of perjury involving statements he made last year to investigators from the new york state attorney general's office.
bristol-myers squibb, the pharmaceutical company, is in talks to sell its excedrin line of pain relievers for as much as $1 billion, executives close to the negotiations said tuesday.
while their impending trade of shawn green to arizona remained in a holding pattern, dodgers officials tended to other pressing matters tuesday, avoiding arbitration with center fielder milton bradley by signing him to a one-year, $2.5 million contract and moving very close to an agreement to re-sign left-hander odalis perez.
sales of recorded music in the united states are on the rise for the first time in four years.
at the news conference to reintroduce him as a member of the lakers in july, vlade divac spoke of his place in franchise history as the man who replaced both kareem abdul-jabbar and shaquille o'neal.
a defense lawyer in the trial of lynne f. stewart, a lawyer charged with conspiring with egyptian terrorists, accused the government tuesday of trying to play on jurors' fears by repeatedly referring to osama bin laden and the sept. 11 attacks during the trial.
problems with your cell phone? you're not alone.
united's creditors oppose deal on pilots' pensions
computer-maker hewlett-packard co. said tuesday it is developing a digital media hub that it hopes will replace standard home audio-video components, such as the stereo receiver, vcr and cable box.
frank kelly freas, an artist and illustrator whose work included luminous images of amiable aliens beloved by science-fiction fans, the jug-eared visage of alfred e. neuman for mad magazine and the crew shoulder patch for skylab i astronauts, died on sunday at his home in los angeles. he was 82.
the bloomberg administration has reached agreement with city council leaders on a bill that would make it easier for crime victims to sue gun manufacturers and dealers who do not adhere to strict guidelines for selling and distributing their firearms.
new york - john f. lawrence, who led the los angeles times in creating one of the first separate business sections in a general-interest newspaper, died on jan. 3 at his home in manhattan. he was 70.
dozens of dismissals and structural changes at the famed and tradition-bound interlochen music camp in michigan have roiled the ranks of alumni and former teachers, with some people promising to withhold donations and keep the camp out of their wills.
at element, the young crowd sits in oversized red plush armchairs, dines on thai beef carpaccio and dances under swirling confetti lights. outside the wildly expensive crystal, where the specialty is champagne and visiting saudis are said to gather, porsches and bentleys crowd the curbs.
is there any spot on earth that has yet to welcome the arrival of a luxury hotel?
for vacationers who would rather gawk at celebrities than sunbathe or ski, there are some places that are sure to be saturated with red carpet regulars in 2005.
norway's stave churches
the 109th congress met for the first time tuesday in a bipartisan spirit of goodwill, but soon reverted to the partisanship that characterized the last congress in a standoff on ethics.
miami
gov. george e. pataki's top budget advisers are considering a plan that would require the state to pick up a larger share of the skyrocketing medicaid costs now being paid by localities, according to administration officials.
twenty-six years after he was sexually abused by a priest, there is still a catch, almost imperceptible, in max fisher's voice when he talks about it.
a prosecutor told a federal jury here on tuesday that a british man accused of supporting terrorists was an eager arms merchant who once praised osama bin laden and talked excitedly about using shoulder-to-air missiles to attack 10 to 15 american jetliners at the same time.
it was 10 years ago this week that gov. george e. pataki, a little-known republican state lawmaker who had just defeated mario m. cuomo, used his first annual address to the legislature to call for a revolution in state government.
this wasn't the greatest game ever, but usc played one of the greatest halves in school history tuesday night to easily claim the undisputed college football title that eluded it last season, with a 55-19 victory over oklahoma in the orange bowl at pro player stadium.
lawyers for a yemeni sheik and an aide who are charged with financing terrorism said tuesday that there were gaps in secretly recorded tapes that are at the heart of the prosecution's case, and suggested that they may have been doctored.
heisman trophy winner matt leinart threw five touchdown passes and southern california won its 11th national championship wednesday night in a 55-19 orange bowl rout of oklahoma that left only two questions.
when carolyn landis showed up to audition for the st. louis symphony orchestra on monday, she was told to take her french horn and go home.
a man who has said he is infected with hiv was charged with attempted murder tuesday after the authorities said he bit officers and spit blood at them.
there was parmesan chicken in one tray, vegetable lasagna in another and ample quantities of salad. a german chocolate cake and carrot cake rounded out the offerings in the visiting locker room tuesday night at sbc center.
oklahoma quarterback jason white won the heisman trophy last year, but what motivated him to return for a final season was the unfinished business of winning a national championship.
alberto r. gonzales, the white house counsel, intervened directly with justice department lawyers in 2002 to obtain a legal ruling on the extent of the president's authority to permit extreme interrogation practices in the name of national security, current and former administration officials said tuesday.
six months ago, the world trade center memorial foundation had just about everything needed for its board of directors to start a $500 million fund-raising effort. it had a widely acclaimed architectural design, a certificate of incorporation, tax-exempt status, even a logo. just about everything.
now that matt leinart, the dynamic southern california quarterback, has added a decisive national championship and the orange bowl's most valuable player award to his heisman trophy, it may not be so simple for him to forsake the pros and return for his senior year.
the new york times said in an editorial for wednesday, jan. 5:
the new york times said in an editorial for wednesday, jan. 5:
the new york times said in an editorial for wednesday, jan. 5:
southern california established itself as the premier team in college football tuesday night by thrashing oklahoma, 55-19, to win the bowl championship series title before 77,922 fans at the orange bowl.
cowboys quarterback vinny testaverde has told his agent he wants to play next season.
matt leinart is all-powerful. he's an accomplished college football player who owns the most famous trophy in sports. he hangs out with the likes of nick lachey, jessica simpson, adam sandler, lindsay lohan.
moments before tuesday night's national championship rout began, tommy tuberville, head coach of auburn's undefeated team, spoke with the news media. he was not pleased.
it wasn't a game, it was a coronation. not a contest, but a declaration.
petty officer 1st class michael ausley is a seasoned helicopter crewman, with service in somalia and the persian gulf war. but even that experience did little to prepare him for his new mission this week, helping evacuate villagers from the devastated southern coast of sumatra.
securities regulators charged one of the richest men in mexico, ricardo b. salinas pliego, with fraud tuesday, in a lawsuit that seeks to have him barred as a director or officer of any company whose shares trade on an american exchange.
the smile was pure broadway and seventh avenue. when chris webber flashed a grin tuesday morning in a near-empty madison square garden, it glimmered wistfully, playfully and mysteriously all at once.
well, trojans, let's see what you can do for an encore now.
usc quarterback matt leinart remained evasive about his future tuesday night, although several sources within the program believe he will probably turn pro.
usc linebacker matt grootegoed looked up at the scoreboard in disbelief tuesday night -- and that was before halftime.
hi, i'm aaron rodgers, and my agent has advised me for future contractual reasons that i have never, do not now, and will never like the san francisco 49ers.
offense
some people are pips. others are gladys knight.
it takes a lot to humble oklahoma defensive end larry birdine, and that's about the only task that usc wasn't up to tuesday night.
when oklahoma marched down the field for a touchdown on its first possession, it also did something else -- it got the trojans' attention.
editors:
editors,
the listing of "bay area stocks" has moved from the bottom of e1 to e3 where it will be anchored daily.
mary riley graves of santa rosa, calif., is a job performance review expert, author and principal in workwisenow, which produces online workplace communication tools. she suggests some new year's resolutions for a more productive and satisfying work environment.
the holiday spending spree is over, and some consumers soon will know just how much the 2004 gift-buying season really cost them when the credit card bills begin to arrive this month, or when they check out their current bank balance.
a suicide car bomb exploded outside a police academy south of baghdad during a graduation ceremony wednesday, killing up to 20 people, police and hospital officials were quoted as saying. hours earlier, another car bomb killed two iraqis in the nation's capital
advisory to nytreng editorial page editors
secretary of state colin l. powell and gov. jeb bush of florida got their first look at the epicenter of the tsunami's destruction wednesday, flying low in navy seahawk helicopters over miles of flattened coastal villages where tens of thousands of people died.
a florida highway patrol trooper got the unlikely duty tuesday of delivering a georgia woman's baby at a rest stop.
(i(woman talking on cell phone while waiting in line at fedex kinko's at second and harrison, overheard by (/i(marcus loy.
dear tom and bobbie,
taiwan is gearing up to purchase 400 hellfire missiles from lockheed martin, with some of the components being produced in ocala. a letter of agreement was announced on tuesday.
sarasota, fla. -- 1&amp;2banknames -- photos to accompany patriotic-banks. (thomas bender/sarasota)
from years of dating, kim chandler has heard the well-worn excuse, "i'm sorry i didn't call. i'm so busy right now at work and under so much pressure."
attn. nytrng editors
though domestic sales of bmw models and brands enjoyed record increases last month, sales of the two models produced in upstate south carolina did not move as quickly.
it took less than a month for a tuscaloosa circuit court judge to rule that the front page of reports compiled by law enforcement officers are, indeed, a public record.
have a question about the news? colin bessonette will try to get an answer. call 404-222-2002, or write him at the atlanta journal-constitution, p.o. box 4689, atlanta, ga. 30302, or e-mail him at q&amp;a@ajc.com. please include your name and hometown.
beach-going drivers brace yourselves: anna maria's abundant no-parking signs -- the ones that shooed you away from the gulf for years -- were a hoax.
the tsunami that has devastated asia, causing an estimated 155,000 deaths, calls to mind another tragedy: the earthquake that flattened much of lisbon on all saints' day, 1755.
the trees did not live to see the new year. we knew that the swath of woods along the dirt road was to be cleared, but the chain saws came before we were ready.
pressure from us drug companies and more recently president bush is causing the pendulum to swing against importation of canadian prescription drugs.
my friend miss julie is down in the dumps about what's happened to krispy kreme. "i think it's too bad," she says with a frown, "but probably predictable."
leo g. bayer had a successful law practice in cleveland for more than three decades. he was known for fighting for the underdog, his family said, and believed that the responsibility of the law was to serve the common good.
sylvan barnet and william burto are cambridge, mass. residents, authors, erstwhile english professors, and important collectors of japanese art for more than 40 years.
meulaboh, indonesia - rudi kurniawan remembered the last time he heard his father's voice.
across europe, in railroad stations and department stores, at airports and palaces and subway stations people bowed their heads in silence wednesday to observe a three-minute commemoration of those who perished in the indian ocean tsunamis.
for some people, the temptation for easy money is just too great.
now is the time to punch the clock for "24." even if you missed the previous three seasons of unbearably tense, cliffhanging hours, sunday's season debut marks a fresh start.
like any television series entering its fourth season, "24" comes with some back story. here are 10 things that longtime fans and newbies alike should know about the show when they sit down on the sofa:
federal baggage screener elizabeth bate opens a piece of luggage that has been flagged by an automated explosives-detection machine as containing a suspicious object.
inside a deserted building in salinas, down one pitch-black aisle, somewhere on shelves reeking of mildew, a book will be waiting.
rusty wallace, driver of the penske racing no. 2 dodge, has only one more chance to win the daytona 500. the fenton, mo., native announced his retirement plans last september and has made 22 starts in what's been dubbed "the great american race."
leslie gourse, a prolific author best known for her biographies of a wide range of jazz musicians and singers, died on dec. 23 at her home in manhattan. she was 65.
bette kerr made sure to arrive at the restaurant early so she could arrange for the waitress to give her the check. there was no way she was going to let a former student, not even one as successful as mirkeya capellan, pay for lunch.
more than a half-century after wataru misaka became the first japanese-american to play professional basketball at the highest level in the united states, he remains a gentle reminder of the sport's first steps toward diversity.
boxing fans will get their money's worth from clint eastwood's visceral, emotional "million dollar baby," the story of a redneck woman determined to find her place in the world in the ring.
although my household was undeniably under siege last week during the children's winter school break -- on wednesday morning i counted seven pairs of unfamiliar sneakers abandoned by the front door -- i felt that i had things under control.
catherine mallette confession: this year, for the first time, i actually read every holiday letter that came tucked inside a christmas card addressed to my family. i lapped up every single, solitary, sugarcoated word. and i found i loved them.
former president george h.w. bush is in a tough spot. he anguishes when his son, the president, is criticized. but he is reluctant to give him any advice, even when the president may need it.
belief in a compassionate god may be the most alarming casualty of the south asian tsunami tragedy. no such deity could allow such a disaster.
when i learned that saab will build a new 9-5 biopower model that is fueled by ethanol, i was excited, since i'm a big proponent of the eco-friendly renewable energy source.
with chickens pecking the front yard and aromas wafting from the kitchen at dinnertime, the pace household is a lot like other rural families.
look ahead, from behind the wheel of the 2005 porsche cayenne s sport utility wagon, and the view is much like that of one of the german manufacturer's sports cars: a foreshortened hood with flared fenders indicating performance. nice -- very nice for enthusiast drivers.
i'm not a big believer in rating recruiting classes. it's really not until five seasons after a class shows up that you can really tell what a class accomplished.
the graffiti messages scrawled on the walls that line gaza city's streets haven't been as urgent or morbid lately. no taunts aimed at israeli troops. fewer odes praising attacks on israelis.
here are the stories new york times editors are considering for the page 1 of thursday, jan. 6. the n.y. times news service night supervisor is lynn hoogenboom; phone: (888) 346-9867; e-mail: lyhoog@nytimes.com.
israel is prepared to hand responsibility for security in the gaza strip and the main population centers of the west bank to a newly elected palestinian leadership as soon as it is able to handle the task, israel's defense minister said wednesday.
c.0025 san antonio express-news
alberto gonzales is the public-sector version of in-house corporate counsel whose real job is to tell the ceo how to cut statutory corners and dodge the spirit of the law while sticking to its letter.
when president bush is sworn in for a second term at the u.s. capitol, a senate staffer who sang in a college quartet with trent lott will perform a song written by john ashcroft, who also formerly harmonized with the republican senator from mississippi.
wickedly perfect: grade: c minus 7 (central) tonight, cbs it's hard to tell, sometimes, whether the producers of "wickedly perfect" are joking.
i wear a hat a lot of the time. which means i have hat hair a lot of the time.
the computer circuits that control hand-held music players, cell phones and organizers may soon be in a new location: inside electronically controlled guns.
pastrami burger
though domestic sales of bmw models and brands enjoyed record increases last month, sales of the two models produced in upstate south carolina did not move as quickly.
jan. 5, 2004
"desperate housewives" appears to be more than a popular, twisted soap-comedy-drama-mystery. hot-selling t-shirts, baseball caps, bumper stickers and even chenille bathrobes plugging the abc show and its sexy female characters are making "desperate housewives" a fashion statement, too.
big sound comes from all around with the help of a tiny device
make a firewire connection to upgrade your mac
sprawled beneath an olive-green camouflage net snapping like a bullwhip in cold, blustery winds, senae hobson, a petite 17-year-old, shivers in a t-shirt behind a .50-caliber machine gun, hardly able to straddle the huge weapon.
the disturbance which deposited heavy snow and ice in the plains and middle west during the past two days will migrate through the eastern great lakes on thursday.
they have the nose of a bloodhound, the sting of a paper cut, the bad timing of a massive fever blister. and, odds are, they're vying for space in your mailbox (or e-mail account) right about now.
bc-new&amp;notable-azr anne stephenson reviews new books in 'new &amp; notable' (resending) (duplication warning: moving in "e," "l," "k" and "f" categories) by anne stephenson here are anne stephenson's capsule reviews of four new books:
would-be entrepreneurs, you're bidding on a mobile haunted house with a disturbing fiberglass clown entrance.
this is the n.y. times regional newspaper group budget for jan. 6, 2005. for use by member papers only. unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.
when you're in a job hunt, you're quite likely to be asked for the names of people who can vouch for your work performance. who would your references be?
in televised sports, the cameras know no bounds. they are embedded in the dirt in front of home plate in baseball, hanging from the goal pipes in hockey, perched above the rim in basketball.
the rising stars of classical piano will join grammy-nominated pianist and conductor philippe entremont thursday at the university of florida's steinway festival.
new york - mihoko hakata, a freelance illustrator and recent art-school graduate, ducked into a coffee shop in midtown manhattan last week, desperate for a jolt of energy.
long before thorstein veblen coined the term "conspicuous consumption," economists from adam smith to karl marx had argued that people choose to buy some goods because of what those goods reveal about their standing in society, not because of any intrinsic enjoyment they get from the purchase.
although democrats expect white house legal counsel alberto gonzales to be confirmed as attorney general, they are nonetheless predicting a contentious confirmation hearing beginning thursday.
the producing teams responsible for "finding neverland," "million dollar baby," "sideways," "the aviator" and "the incredibles" were nominated wednesday for the producers guild of america's coveted feature film award.
gainesville residents on the fence about upgrading their air conditioning equipment now have a nudge from gainesville regional utilities to help them with their decision.
share your news and ideas
as heike schultz-fademrecht pleaded for a flight to take her and her sons away from the horror of their diving trip to sri lanka, she was already agonizing about those left behind -- villagers whose cars and furniture and family photos she had seen floating on the deadly tide.
until recently, no one could say that paris was afraid of bold new buildings. the city was at the forefront of contemporary architecture for decades, from the 1977 pompidou center to the string of major monuments commissioned by francois mitterrand that rose in the 1980s and '90s.
it was a well-intentioned rescue plan to save an endangered animal that had overstayed its welcome in southeastern north carolina.
savion glover is not the first to tap-dance to classical music, but the stunning intensity he brings to "classical savion," a new program that opened at the joyce theater in manhattan on tuesday night, makes the evening a revelation for eye and ear alike.
there's nothing groundbreaking about cbs's new stylemaker reality show "wickedly perfect," which debuts thursday night at 8 on cbs4.
delta air lines is saying it's sorry with extra frequent flier points.
microsoft corp. plans to significantly expand its push into digital television, promising to take tv programming to handheld computers and cell phones, chairman bill gates said wednesday.
for sunday, jan. 9
many people find buying furniture daunting, with so many pieces and styles to choose from and so much money to pay. what shoppers may not grasp is how much power they wield today.
president bush demanded wednesday that congress take immediate action to impose strict limits on medical malpractice litigation, saying that doctors "should be focused on fighting illnesses, not on fighting lawsuits."
pale male and lola, the red-tailed hawks recently ousted from their nest atop a 12th-floor cornice of a fifth avenue co-op, are not the only ones driven to re-create their wild cliff dwellings in the city. humans are responding to the same primordial need.
cascading vines
in the latest round of musical chairs at france's fashion houses, the gucci group on wednesday appointed valerie hermann from the rival christian dior house as chief of its loss-making brand, yves saint laurent.
linebacker channing crowder has decided not to be a part of the urban meyer era at the university of florida.
new reports from two press advocacy organizations reveal that the ongoing violence and instability in iraq made 2004 the deadliest year for journalists around the world since the mid-1990s.
is there no gratitude? is there no decency? martha stewart has barely been fitted with leg irons and cbs is already searching for her replacement.
the stock market is off to its worst new year's start since 2000, as all the major indexes fell wednesday for the third straight day.
globe staff
since the end of the 2000 season, when florida state concluded its remarkable run of 14 straight top-five finishes, college football has been looking for its next dynasty.
as we sweep away the crumbs of the holiday season, it's a good time to again pause and consider how consumers fared in the past year.
down at the dry docks here, where workers are dwarfed by propellers larger than houses, the world's largest shipyard is now so efficient that a new $80 million vessel slips into the water every four working days.
fearing that california's recent $3 billion investment in stem cell research will lure massachusetts companies west, democratic leaders in massachusetts opened a new legislative session wednesday with a vow to take up a measure promoting stem cell research in the bay state as early this month.
last season, ryan newman vocalized how some drivers and fans feel about robby gordon after newman's car was involved in a wreck caused by gordon.
for the fox network, the television season so far has amounted to a limbo contest: how low can they go?
the stories of survival amid asia's crushing devastation feel like little life rafts on a bottomless sea of sorrow. they buoy one up and focus the mind on the living.
delta air lines' decision to slash its higher-priced fares is getting praise from customers and industry experts, but jeers from competitors.
after almost a decade of rising prices and record profits, soybean farmers in brazil, the world's second-largest soybean producer and exporter, are now bracing for tougher times.
a u.s. marine from utah who vanished from his post in iraq last june and was charged with desertion just a month ago has disappeared again, this time while on leave, military officials said wednesday.
sen. saxby chambliss of georgia formally took control of the senate agriculture committee on wednesday, vowing to protect financial subsidies for farmers from fellow republicans intent on slashing federal spending and a ballooning budget deficit.
david bailey is about to buy his 11th piece of property here on this country's southeast coast, fully expecting to sell it in a year for a nice profit. and why not? he has done it three times in three years, he said, clearing a tidy $200,000 along the way.
can the organizations behind ambitious campaigns intended to change behavior rather than sell products -- which helped put across concepts like the designated driver and a national mentoring month -- persuade baby boomers to consider becoming community volunteers as they begin looking at retirement?
no matter what he does, stuart michaelson cannot stop the thieves. as the president of the building industry association of southeastern michigan, michaelson said part of his mission was to thwart the theft of construction equipment.
washington, d.c.: new lineup of presidential advisers
miami
democratic sen. ken salazar is stepping into his first confirmation battle thursday -- on the side of president bush.
a little over a year after arnold schwarzenegger did an end run around politics as usual in the recall election that made him governor of california, he is embarking on a new campaign against the status quo here.
resisting pressure from insurgents and rivals in his own government, iraqi prime minister ayad allawi on wednesday reaffirmed his commitment to holding nationwide elections here jan. 30, while president bush tried to quash any momentum toward delaying the election by calling iraq's interim president.
future of plant in doubt
a fighter with the aqsa martyrs brigades who calls himself qazzafi stood by a makeshift fire in the drizzling casbah of this angry city, nervously pulling a grenade in and out of his pocket.
not every vacation involves an exotic locale. sometimes a getaway just down the road does the trick.
a relief mission that started its 8,700-mile journey in cincinnati has its most difficult task ahead: getting 96,000 pounds of medicine, food and other emergency supplies into the hands of those who desperately need them.
mapping garmin's future
spain said wednesday that it arrested more than 130 people last year suspected of involvement with islamic terrorism, nearly half of them in connection with the march 11 train attacks in madrid.
airline fares are at historic lows, but you get what you pay for.
mapping garmin's future
a little over a year after arnold schwarzenegger did an end run around politics as usual in the recall election that made him governor of california, he is embarking on a new campaign against the status quo here.
the protagonist of ubisoft's "prince of persia: warrior within" is bitter, angry and filled with rage. his fury is nothing compared with mine.
that click of the ipod wheel could double as teeth chattering. and with good reason.
beginning monday, office-supply superstore staples inc. will not be running ads on sinclair broadcast group inc.'s "the point," a nightly news commentary spot that has been criticized by left-leaning advocacy groups as conservative propaganda.
president bush demanded wednesday that congress take immediate action to impose strict limits on medical malpractice litigation, saying that doctors "should be focused on fighting illnesses, not on fighting lawsuits."
the number of americans believed to have perished in the south asian tsunami more than doubled on wednesday as the state department added 20 more people to the list of victims of the disaster.
embattled ohio state athletic director andy geiger announced his retirement wednesday, saying scandals plaguing the school's two revenue-producing sports have left him exhausted and robbed him of the joy he once derived from his job.
attorney general nominee alberto gonzales is pledging a firm commitment to the "rule of law" and u.s. treaty obligations as he prepares for thursday's confirmation hearing before the senate judiciary committee.
javier bardem isn't the kind of guy who likes to lie around. the 35-year-old actor played rugby on the spanish national team and is so energetic on the dance floor that one of his patented flailing moves recently broke a woman's nose at a new york nightclub.
kansas hopes thinking big will sell the state
the search for ohio state university's new athletic director begins here, in a roomy second-floor office in osu's fisher hall.
even though richard seymour was on the inactive list, he more than went through the motions with his teammates in the patriots' 21-7 win over san francisco last sunday at gillette stadium. seymour, recovering from a left knee injury, was on the sideline but his spirit was on the field.
paddy sharma extended a handful of bills to the woman in a dirty sari waiting in a relief line in cuddalore, india.
public affairs mogul jack martin, former lt. gov. ben barnes and several texas trial lawyers have found the democrat they want to be the next governor -- of new york.
states pressured to make changes in school funding
a promising water purification product developed in part by the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta is meeting its stiffest test in the tsunami disaster in south asia.
quiet on the set.
at the beginning of the new year, geno auriemma of connecticut left a wise-guy message for his philadelphia coaching buddy, phil martelli of st. joseph's. a year ago, these garrulous friends were college basketball's rat pack, headliners working sold-out rooms during neon seasons.
iran has agreed to allow inspectors from the united nations into a major military complex that the united states has long suspected of being a secret site for nuclear weapons development, officials from the international atomic energy agency said wednesday.
"hotel rwanda" is a movie that tells the amazing true story of paul rusesabagina, a hotel manager who, during the rwandan genocide of 1994, connived, bribed and repeatedly risked his life to save more than a thousand people marked for extermination.
reducing the levels of a protein secreted by the body during inflammation may be as powerful in slowing heart disease and preventing heart attacks and deaths as lowering cholesterol, two teams of researchers are reporting thursday.
the united nations has given a two-month reprieve to a doctor it had effectively dismissed after he helped write a book that said the united nations had failed to prevent massacres in the balkans, somalia and rwanda during the 1990s, according to the doctor's lawyers and a u.n. spokesman.
the number of americans believed to have perished in the south asian tsunami more than doubled on wednesday as the state department added 20 more people to the list of victims of the disaster.
while thousands of working elephants are helping remove debris left from the post-christmas tsunami disaster, rasha, a thai-born elephant residing at the fort worth zoo, is doing her bit to help.
resisting pressure from insurgents and rivals in his own government, iraqi prime minister ayad allawi on wednesday reaffirmed his commitment to holding nationwide elections here jan. 30, while president bush tried to quash any momentum toward delaying the election by calling iraq's interim president.
mtv's 'real world' goes on and on
the mexican government drew fire from american advocates of tighter borders on wednesday for publishing a pamphlet that instructs migrants how to safely enter the united states illegally and live there without being detected.
washington - senator barbara boxer of california is considering standing with house democrats thursday in calling ohio's presidential election results into question, in a protest tactic that would trigger a debate on the floor of the house and senate over voting irregularities that some believe contributed to president bush's reelection.
deep in the vast everglades, amid mysterious cypress swamps, sprawling cattle ranches, fertile citrus groves, casinos and bingo halls, the unconquered seminoles and miccosukees live in peace with man and nature. and tourists.
residents trickling back to fallujah, the city they fled in november before the biggest battle of the iraq war, enter a desolate world of skeletal buildings, tank-blasted homes, weeping power lines and severed palm trees.
florida is ready for tourists -- in fact, most of the state has been ready since a couple of weeks after the last hurricane blew through.
wow, that was fast.
the day before a joint session of congress to certify the results of the 2004 presidential election, sen. john kerry said wednesday that he would not participate in a possible protest by democrats who are challenging president bush's victory in ohio.
the kansas city star jefferson city, mo. -- seeking a less-contentious tone, republican leaders opened the 2005 session of the missouri general assembly on wednesday by promising democrats a greater role in shaping legislation.
down at the dry docks here, where workers are dwarfed by propellers larger than houses, the world's largest shipyard is now so efficient that a new $80 million vessel slips into the water every four working days.
united airlines, its labor groups and a quasi-government agency begin to tangle thursday in a chicago courtroom over matters that could determine whether the airline lives or dies.
residents trickling back to fallujah, the city they fled in november before the biggest battle of the iraq war, enter a desolate world of skeletal buildings, tank-blasted homes, weeping power lines and severed palm trees.
a fighter with the aqsa martyrs brigades who calls himself qazzafi recently expressed support for mahmoud abbas, their fatah movement's candidate for the palestinian presidency in sunday's election.
a lawyer for one of the detainees at guantanamo bay, cuba, has asked the u.s. district court here to block the bush administration from sending the detainee to egypt, asserting that he would be tortured there.
it is a source of continuing amazement in baseball: how do the yankees, a team stocked with millionaires, continue to afford high-priced players like their newest superstar, randy johnson?
ousted human rights campaign head cheryl jacques said wednesday that gay rights activists should not back down from their goal of gaining full marriage rights for same-sex couples, despite the electoral defeats of nov. 2.
when the georgia tech men's basketball team tips off one of its most anticipated acc seasons tonight, it will be without one of its top players.
iran has agreed to allow inspectors from the united nations into a major military complex that the united states has long suspected of being a secret site for nuclear weapons development, officials from the international atomic energy agency said wednesday.
the problem with child protective services is not that too few texas youngsters are removed from neglectful families, a national children's rights advocate said wednesday -- it's that too many are.
seeking to blunt attacks over memos he wrote endorsing harsh treatment of war detainees, former houston lawyer alberto gonzales will vow at his senate confirmation hearing today to "preserv(e) civil rights and civil liberties" as attorney general.
fire and prayer filled a soccer stadium in this ravaged southern thailand community wednesday as thousands of buddhist monks and local residents held an elaborate candlelight ceremony to say goodbye to victims of the massive tsunami.
ten former directors of worldcom, the telecommunications company whose bankruptcy was the largest in history, have agreed to pay $18 million of their own money to settle a class-action lawsuit by investors who lost hundreds of millions of dollars when the company collapsed in july 2002.
twenty-three years ago, noel dube said, the virgin mary urged him to erect a shrine to god. now a different authority has ruled it can stay.
inflammation in the arteries of the heart is as important as cholesterol in determining whether a heart patient's condition will worsen, according to two major studies being released thursday, raising the possibility that doctors could save thousands of lives if they began aggressively monitoring a key indicator of inflammation's presence.
during a recent visit, my father took me out to his barn to show me something. he wouldn't tell me what.
in the makeshift recovery room, dr. paul shumack crouched on the floor cradling the head of novi, 35, who had already lost her husband and only child to the tsunami, and now her right leg.
atlanta --
the fbi issued a warning on wednesday about online scams that try to capitalize on the indian ocean tsunami disaster.
ten days after the earthquake and tsunami flattened this western edge of indonesia, relief officials described real progress on wednesday in turning what started as a limited airlift for isolated regions into a vast truck-based network to supply relief to hundreds of thousands of injured and homeless people.
ten days after the earthquake and tsunami flattened this western edge of indonesia, relief officials described real progress on wednesday in turning what started as a limited airlift for isolated regions into a vast truck-based network to supply relief to hundreds of thousands of injured and homeless people.
a grand jury returned a three-count indictment wednesday charging dacula, ga. dentist dr. barton corbin with murdering his estranged wife.
a little-known provision of the patriot act could turn an innocuous trip to the bank or chat with a financial planner into a treasury department probe of personal financial accounts.
major airlines found themselves battered on wednesday by the prospect that lower fares would spread even more thickly across the country, fueled by strategic moves by the industry's healthiest player and one that is trying to regain its footing.
the jarring swings in oil prices that gave investors and traders whiplash in 2004 are not preventing new investors from rushing into oil and other energy-related commodities this year.
andy geiger, the ohio state athletic director, announced his retirement wednesday for what he called "burnout," ending a successful but turbulent 11-year tenure.
israel is prepared to hand security responsibility for the gaza strip and the main population centers of the west bank to a newly elected palestinian leadership as soon as it is able to handle the task, israel's defense minister said wednesday.
a maine special prosecutor is interviewing the families of about 100 people who died suspicious or unexpected deaths to determine whether their brains were improperly removed from their bodies for research.
new york - ten former directors of worldcom, the telecommunications company whose bankruptcy was the largest in history, have agreed to pay $18 million of their own money to settle a class-action lawsuit by investors who lost hundreds of millions of dollars when the company collapsed in july 2002.
a fledgling big 12 conference needed six years to become comfortable with its unlikely rivalries and new identity before the league could produce a men's basketball team worthy of a final four appearance.
here is a listing of the new york times news service macintosh graphics files that moved wednesday, 1/05/05 included is the corresponding story slug and the size. all graphics have been posted on presslink, newscom and the wieck photo database.
the downside for corporate directors probably became deeper wednesday.
europe
washington-- a leading california republican introduced legislation wednesday to crack down on the hiring of undocumented immigrants, highlighting the daunting obstacles to president bush's plan to provide temporary legalization to the estimated 6 million immigrants currently working illegally in the united states.
celtics84warriors83
one minute mayor bill white debunked men's fitness magazine's methodology for labeling houston the nation's fattest city and the next minute he announced a new wellness initiative to combat the label.
the worst part of sunday's loss against florida state for florida senior david lee wasn't the final 12 minutes he spent on the bench.
this is a test from the fort worth star-telegram.
former spine surgeon david arndt and his insurance company agreed to pay $1.25 million to the patient arndt infamously walked out on during back surgery in 2002 so the doctor could go to the bank to cash a check, the patient's lawyer said wednesday.
